The plateau originated in the Gondwanan breakup and is one of the five major submerged parts of Zealandia, a largely submerged continent.																																														
As such, it has become the site of the small Tabor Mountain Ski Resort, which is one of Prince George's two local ski hills, the other being the small Hart Highlands Alpine Park on the north side of the city.																																														
The stratovolcano lies above the regional Liquine-Ofqui Fault zone, and the ice-covered massif towers over the south portion of Pumalín Park.																																														
The sedimentary rock was more fragile than the metamorphic rock formed by the contact of the magma and the surrounding sedimentary rock.																																														
Examination by a severe weather team from the Bureau of Meteorology examined the damage in the Bucca and Kolan region and recorded it as an 'F4' on the Fujita scale.																																														
Formed in 1922 as the Westby Ski Club, the all-volunteer club held the first ski jumping tournament southeast of Westby, near Bloomingdale, Wisconsin in 1923.																																														
It is often considered to be one of the most spoiled of the Munros, due to the Glenshee Ski Centre which covers the eastern slope of the mountain.																																														
The de Lalande crater is named after the French astronomer Marie-Jeanne de Lalande (1768-1832), illegitimate daughter of astronomer Joseph Jerome de Lalande (1732-1807).																																														
The hill is 522 metres (1712 feet) high and is the highest point of the relatively low-lying county of Renfrewshire and indeed the entire Clyde Muirshiel Regional Park of which it is a part, having a considerable Topographic isolation.																																														
Additionally, a volcano was hypothesized to exist in the Nova Iguaçu area, in Rio de Janeiro, and was called the Nova Iguaçu Volcano.																																														
There is no precise definition of surrounding base, but Denali, Mount Kilimanjaro and Nanga Parbat are possible candidates for the tallest mountain on land by this measure.																																														
The Dease Plateau is a sub-plateau of the larger Yukon Plateau, and is located in far northern British Columbia, Canada, northwest from the Deadwood River to and beyond the Yukon-British Columbia boundary.																																														
The ruins on its top derive from the year 1449, when Oberhohenberg Castle together with the town of Hohenberg, at the foot of the mountain, were destroyed in a local feud.																																														
Enoggera Hill is a small mountain of the Taylor Range in Australia in the Brisbane suburb of Enoggera, in Queensland,  with a peak of 273 meters (896 feet) above sea level.																																														
SnoCountry Mountain Reports was the first and is now the largest snow conditions reporting service in the world.																																														
Opened in 1963, the ski area is located on the north side of Big Moose Mountain (named "Big Squaw Mountain" until 2000), overlooking Moosehead Lake.																																														
Together with Patrik Nordin, André Jonsson and John Bergstedt, he placed sixth in the relay event of the 2007 European Championship of Ski Mountaineering.																																														
Hochkönig is part of Ski Amadé, a network of 28 ski areas on the same ski pass which make up the largest ski areas in Europe.																																														
The hill frequently hosts World Cup and Continental Cup competitions arranged by FIS and also hosted the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1997.																																														
Traditionally, the term was used only for the parts of the plateau located in Kvam municipality, but today it is used for the entire plateau.																																														
Himachal Pradesh Kufri Manali NarkandaUttarakhand Auli Dayara Bugyal MundaliSikkim Lachung YumthangJammu and Kashmir Gulmarg PahalgamArunachal Pradesh Tawang   =																																														
In such an environment, the top of the updraft is pushed further downstream than the lower parts as a result of stronger winds pushing the top, as it is higher in the atmosphere.																																														
The contributing properties are:  The Ski Hill site itself The 2 ½ story Ski Hill Lodge built in 1936 The 90 metre (Class A) Bakke Hill Sky Jump originally built in 1930 and rebuilt in 1957 The Men's Restroom built c. 1938 The actual Ticket Booth, formerly a garage, built in 1940.																																														
The Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) showed that exercise and diet were nearly twice as effective as metformin at reducing the risk of progressing to type 2 diabetes.																																														
SeHCAT is a taurine-conjugated bile acid analog which was synthesized for use as a radiopharmaceutical to investigate in vivo the enterohepatic circulation of bile salts.																																														
ALA is found in many seeds and oils, including flaxseed, walnuts, chia, hemp, and many common vegetable oils.																																														
While the details of the mechanism are not known, the results suggest that there is an "induction" mechanism taking place for palmitoyl-CoA hydrolase and peroxisomal beta-oxidation enzymes.																																														
Example foods in a high-protein diet include lean beef, chicken or poultry, pork, salmon and tuna, eggs, and soy.																																														
More recent findings, however, indicate that retinoids can be delivered to tissues through multiple overlapping delivery pathways, involving chylomicrons, very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) and low density lipoprotein (LDL), retinoic acid bound to albumin, water-soluble β-glucuronides of retinol and retinoic acid, and provitamin A carotenoids.																																														
DHA modulates the carrier-mediated transport of choline, glycine, and taurine, the function of delayed rectifier potassium channels, and the response of rhodopsin contained in the synaptic vesicles.																																														
FPLD recapitulates the main metabolic attributes of the insulin resistance syndrome, including central obesity, hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance and diabetes usually type 2, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and early endpoints of atherosclerosis.																																														
However, with the increasing concern of over-exploited fisheries, microalgae are a promising source of PUFAs as they can be grown year-round and their fatty acid profile and content are easily manipulated by growth conditions.																																														
Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are fatty acids that contain more than one double bond in their backbone.																																														
Sorbitol (), less commonly known as glucitol (), is a sugar alcohol with a sweet taste which the human body metabolizes slowly.																																														
It was under the low ceilings of Beebe High home court where Adams learned to flatten the trajectory of his shot, becoming one of the early pioneers of the jump shot.																																														
He was drafted by the St. Louis Hawks of the National Basketball Association and played five games with them during the 1961–62 NBA season, scoring twelve points.																																														
This term is normally used even in women's ice hockey, although occasionally the word men may be replaced by players.																																														
After playing college basketball at the University of Houston, the 6 ft 6 in forward played for two seasons in the American Basketball Association with the Houston Mavericks and the New York Nets.																																														
The penalty for intentional grounding has several components so that the offense gains no benefit from the violation: The offense is penalized 10 yards from the line of scrimmage, or (in the NFL only) the ball is placed at the spot of the pass if that is less advantageous.																																														
Douglas Methven Farquhar (11 June 1921 in Methil, Fife – 20 February 2005 in New York City) was a Scottish-American soccer player who played professionally on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean.																																														
Grebenstein later worked for the federal government, for the United States Department of Commerce in Boston and later for the United States Census Bureau until his retirement in 1965.																																														
You must defend your circle and the players can hit the basse with all body limbs, except arms and hands.																																														
Among the games he played include four appearances in the South American Championship in 1956, where the Brazilian team managed a fourth–place finish.																																														
Eusebio Chamorro (born November 22, 1922) was an Argentine football goalkeeper, who played in several Argentine, Brazilian and Colombian top level clubs.																																														
No goals given in this scenario Shots that sail wide or high of the net, and shots that hit the goalpost or crossbar, are not counted as shots on goal; they are counted as 'missed shots'.																																														
Montemayor made his major league debut on April 14, 1953, and hit a fly-ball out against Joe Black of the Brooklyn Dodgers.																																														
Takumi, a character from the video game Fire Emblem Fates Takumi Inui, a character from the Japanese show Kamen Rider 555 Takumi Mukai, a character from the Japanese video game and anime series THE iDOLM@STER Takumi Someya, a character from the video game Yakuza 6: The Song of Life Takumi Aiba, a character/protagonist from the Japanese video game, Digimon Story Cyber Sleuth Takumi Shinada, a character from Delicious Party Pretty Cure   =																																														
Over the next eight seasons, he continued in the minor leagues, playing for the Trenton Senators (1936-37), Greenville Spinners (1938), Montgomery Rebels (1938), Orlando Senators (1939), Reading Chicks (1940-41), Bridgeport Bees (1941), and Hartford Bees (1942-43).																																														
280 hitter (1380-for-4928) with 39 home runs and 693 RBI in 1265 games, including 681 runs, 198 doubles, 87 triples and 192 stolen bases.																																														
It was reported that the Pittsburgh Pirates were interested in drafting him but after seeing his medical report they turned him down.																																														
Malavé also served as third base coach for the Venezuela national baseball team in the 2009 World Baseball Classic.																																														
The 28th Mieczysław Połukard Criterium of Polish Speedway League Aces will be the 2009 version of the Criterium of Aces.																																														
John Robert Gilbert [Jackrabbit ] (September 4, 1875 – July 7, 1941) was a backup outfielder in Major League Baseball who played between 1898 and 1904 for the Washington Senators (1898), New York Giants (1898) and Pittsburgh Pirates (1904).																																														
But it was his last year in a Senator uniform: on December 5, he was dealt in another multiplayer transaction, this time to the Cleveland Indians.																																														
Forrest Leroy "Hick" Cady (January 26, 1886 – March 3, 1946) was a backup catcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox (1912–17) and Philadelphia Phillies (1919).																																														
During his 12-year MLB playing career, McQuinn played for the Cincinnati Reds (1936), St. Louis Browns (1938–45), Philadelphia Athletics (1946) and New York Yankees (1947–48).																																														
Adults are yellow with a prominent brown triangle on each forewing costa, a pair of black spots near each hindwing tornus, and a number of transparent windows.																																														
Palpi long and obliquely porrect (extending forward), where the second and third joints fringed with very long hair above.																																														
It was first described by Jacob Hübner between 1805 and 1810 as Tinea phragmitella, and is the type species of the genus Chilo.																																														
The previous view that the Megaceryle kingfishers arose in the New World from a specialist fish-eating Alcedinid ancestor which crossed the Bering Strait and gave rise to this genus and the American green kingfishers Chloroceryle, with a large crested species later, in the Pliocene, crossing the Atlantic Ocean to give rise to the giant and crested kingfishers  is probably wrong.																																														
The familiar bluet (Enallagma civile) is a damselfly of the family Coenagrionidae, native to much of the United States and southern Canada.																																														
It is found in Spain, Portugal, Algeria, Angola, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Chad, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, India, Ivory Coast, Egypt, Ethiopia, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, Somalia, South Africa, Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia, Zimbabwe, and possibly Burundi.																																														
Underside: very similar to the underside of Pithecops hylax, but on both forewings and hindwings the transverse outer postdiscal line is ochraceous rather than pale brown; on the hindwing the inner postdiscal series of transverse spots is wanting and the large round subcostal black spot placed further towards the apex of the wing.																																														
This species is believed to be one of the fastest flying odonates, with an old reference claiming to have clocked one at nearly 60 miles per hour (97 km/h) but no modern confirmation.																																														
There are three recognized subspecies: Pelargopsis melanorhyncha melanorhyncha which is found on the islands of Sulawesi, Bangka, Lembeh, Manadotua, Dodepo, Muna, Butung, Labuandata and in the Togian Islands.																																														
During mating, the male first removes other males' sperm from the female's reproductive tract, then places his own sperm there.																																														
Genera in the family Pectinodontidae include:  Bathyacmaea Bathyacmaea secunda Okutani, Fujikura & Sasaki, 1993 Pectinodonta - the earliest known Pectinodonta are from Late Oligocene   =																																														
The bobtail snipe eels are two species of deep-sea eels in the family Cyematidae, one only in each of two genera.																																														
Nauphantopsis Nauphantopsis diomedeae Fewkes, 1885 Pericolpa Pericolpa campana (Haeckel, 1880) Pericolpa quadrigata Haeckel, 1880 Periphylla Periphylla periphylla (helmet jellyfish) (Péron & Lesueur, 1810) Periphyllopsis Periphyllopsis braueri Vanhöffen, 1902 Periphyllopsis galatheae Kramp, 1959   =																																														
On 22 February 852 Pope Leo IV, in the bull Convenit apostolico, addressed to Bishop Virbono, confirmed the jurisdiction of the bishop over the churches and possessions of his diocese.																																														
Phoratopus remex is a species of isopod crustaceans known from only two specimens, and first described in 1925 by Herbert Matthew Hale (1895–1963).																																														
- The deep-water genera Bathybuccinum and Ovulatibuccinum Golikov & Sirenko, 1988 (Gastropoda: Buccinidae) in Japan and adjacent waters, with description of three new species.																																														
The side of the head is armed with four robust spines and thee have smaller spines between them.																																														
They have long second spines on their dorsal fins and tiny mouths at the tip of their greatly elongated snouts.																																														
The Greyface moray is a medium-sized fish that is most commonly observed at lengths of around 40 cm, reaching a maximum length of 66 cm.																																														
The yellow moray (Gymnothorax prasinus) is a moray eel of the genus Gymnothorax, found in southern Australia and between North Cape and the Māhia Peninsula on the North Island of New Zealand.																																														
Helcogramma obtusirostris, the hotlips triplefin or shortsnout triplefin, is a triplefin blenny of the family Tripterygiidae, found from the Red Sea south to South Africa and east to the western Pacific, and the southeast Atlantic, around Ascension Island and St. Helena.																																														
List of World War II weapons of Australia List of World War II weapons of Canada List of World War II weapons of China List of World War II weapons of Denmark List of World War II weapons of Finland List of World War II weapons of France List of World War II weapons of Germany List of World War II weapons of Greece List of aircraft of Hungary in World War II List of World War II weapons used in Ireland List of World War II weapons of Italy List of World War II weapons of Japan List of World War II weapons of Norway List of World War II weapons of Portugal List of World War II weapons of Romania List of World War II weapons of Switzerland List of World War II weapons of the Soviet Union List of World War II weapons of Thailand List of World War II weapons of the United Kingdom List of World War II weapons of the United States Captured US firearms in Axis use in World War II List of World War II weapons of Yugoslavia   =																																														
fang) is a  single-edged sword of the cutlass or sabre  type, in use as a side arm in Germany and the Habsburg monarchy during the 16th to 17th centuries, as well as a practice weapon based on this weapon used in early modern German fencing.																																														
The Plumber: The True Story of How One Good Man Destroyed the Entire Philadelphia Mafia by Joseph Salerno and Stephen J. Rivele Gangland International: The Mafia and other Mobs by James Morton East End Gangland and Gangland International Omnibus by James Morton   =																																														
Several months later, Mo Ye gave birth to Gan Jiang's son, Chi (赤), and years later, she told him his father's story.																																														
A rondel dagger  or roundel dagger was a type of stiff-bladed dagger in Europe in the late Middle Ages (from the 14th century onwards), used by a variety of people from merchants to knights.																																														
Several naval ships of Japan have been named Sakura (桜（櫻） / さくら, "cherry blossom"):  Japanese destroyer Sakura (1911), lead ship of her class of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War I Japanese destroyer Sakura (1944), a Matsu-class destroyer of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II JDS Sakura (PF-290), a Kusu-class patrol frigate of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force, formerly USS Carson City (PF-50)   =																																														
The usage of weapon was not possible for any inexperienced warrior, as a slight mistake committed, and the user himself could be destroyed.																																														
It is possible that the sword was made for the 1422 Tynwald meeting that was attended by Sir John Stanley.																																														
Nonetheless, within Chinese martial arts and in military contexts, the larger "sword" versions of the dao are usually intended.																																														
It consisted of a spearhead mounted on a long shaft, usually wooden, with protrusions on the sides which aided in parrying sword thrusts.																																														
The Ulfberht swords are about 170 medieval swords found primarily in Northern Europe, dated to the 9th to 11th centuries, with blades inlaid with the inscription +VLFBERH+T or +VLFBERHT+.																																														
There is a camp named "Lady of the Lake" that is the oldest camp on the lake, on the eastern shore of the lake.																																														
The Claimants sent a tender to the Defendants which, following the submission of all tenders, was the highest tender.																																														
If a person were to accept an offer, but make a modification, then they are actually rejecting the offer presented to them and are proposing a counter-offer: Masters v Cameron (1954) 91 CLR 353.																																														
Issues arise as to the distinction between actions which constitute an offer or an invitation to treat, especially when the intentions of the parties are not clearly specified at the time.																																														
Non-fish species found on or around the lake include: Loon, Mallard, Black duck, Common merganser, Tern, Ruby-throated hummingbird, Common snapping turtle, Red fox, Bald eagle, Pileated woodpecker, White tail deer, Moose, Black bear, Beaver, and [[American mink] blue jay Canadian geese   =																																														
The name may be derived from the Latin word pastino (or pastinare), meaning "to prepare the ground for planting of the vine" (or more simply, "to dig") or the Latin word pastus, meaning "food", liberally translated as "Earth-food".																																														
As in a standard offer, a conditional offer sets out the terms of the sale such as the purchase price, the date of closing, the names of the parties, and the amount of any required deposit, but it also stipulates various conditions which must be met in order for the contract to be binding on the parties.																																														
For comparison, The Plant List, the Integrated Taxonomic Information System (ITIS), and the National Plant Germplasm System (NPGS) recognize 6, 1, and 16 species in the genus Pastinaca, respectively.																																														
Hyde v Wrench [1840] EWHC Ch J90 is a leading English contract law case on the issue of counter-offers and their relation to initial offers.																																														
Tertatolol has also been shown to act as a serotonin 5-HT1A and 5-HT1B receptor antagonist, similarly to propranolol and pindolol.																																														
A 2004 Cochrane review found that spinal manipulation may be effective for migraine and tension headache, and that spinal manipulation and neck exercises may be effective for cervicogenic headache.																																														
These headaches have been further sub classified by the ICHD2 into  Headaches induced by acute substance use or exposure Medication overuse headaches (MOH) Headaches attributed to chronic medication use Headaches attributed to substance withdrawal   =																																														
It can be difficult to distinguish if a patient is solely affected by POTS because patients with CSF leaks have similar symptoms and may even develop secondary POTS.																																														
Almost 6 in 10 (58%) people with moderate or severe pain who were treated with the combination had pain reduced to mild or none at two hours, compared with 3 in 10 (27%) with placebo.																																														
Magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) may be useful in identifying problems with the arteries (such as dissection), and magnetic resonance venography (MRV) identifies venous thrombosis.																																														
This includes headwear that places pressure on the head — including tight hats, helmets, headbands, wigs and other artificial hair accessories, headphones and goggles.																																														
The aura can stay for the duration of the migraine; depending on the type of aura, it can leave the person disoriented and confused.																																														
The villages are as follows:  Belemu Tshivhale Lukau Tshitavha Badama Tshiseni Mutandani Matatani Vhungwili Tshifulanani Dzwerani Zwavhavhili Mugomeli Khumbe Pambani Tshikosi Mathule Vhunama Mahematshena Makambe Tshiozwi Tshiema Thuhwi Matavhela Tshishushuru Tshalovha Mvelaphanda   =																																														
Another type of drug-related headache occurs during withdrawal from long-term therapy with the antimigraine drug ergotamine tartrate.																																														
In Scotland, many tenement buildings have a "drying green", which is a communal area predominantly used for clothes lines – it may also be used as a recreational space - as well as a clothes horse connected to a pulley system inside which can be used in the frequently cold winter weather.																																														
Moisture and lint are byproducts of the tumble drying process and are pulled from the drum by a fan motor and then pushed through the remaining exhaust conduit to the exterior termination fitting.																																														
The local emphasis led to this product name becoming the generic term from a person's name (eponym) for most residents in Australia and many in New Zealand.																																														
Other neighborhoods include: Servola, Scorcola, San Giusto, Campi Elisi, San Vito, Grignano, Chiadino, Guardiella, Roiano, Gretta, Barcola, Longera, Sottolongera, Chiarbola, Campanelle, Altura, Cacciatore, Monte Radio, Sottomonte, Bovedo, Cedas, Scala Santa, Borgo San Sergio, San Luigi, Cologna, Valmaura, Borgo Teresiano, Cattinara, Le Rive, San Giovanni, San Giacomo, and probably others.																																														
Cabinet of Tadeusz Mazowiecki Cabinet of Jan Krzysztof Bielecki Cabinet of Jan Olszewski First Cabinet of Waldemar Pawlak Cabinet of Hanna Suchocka Second Cabinet of Waldemar Pawlak Cabinet of Józef Oleksy Cabinet of Włodzimierz Cimoszewicz Cabinet of Jerzy Buzek Cabinet of Leszek Miller First Cabinet of Marek Belka Second Cabinet of Marek Belka Cabinet of Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz Cabinet of Jarosław Kaczyński First Cabinet of Donald Tusk Second Cabinet of Donald Tusk Cabinet of Ewa Kopacz Cabinet of Beata Szydło First Cabinet of Mateusz Morawiecki Second Cabinet of Mateusz Morawiecki   =																																														
Project Laundry List was a New Hampshire group that encouraged the outdoor drying of clothes, "making air-drying laundry and cold-water washing acceptable and desirable as simple and effective ways to save energy," as quoted from their mission statement.																																														
Although spinning alone will not completely dry clothing, this additional step saves a worthwhile amount of time and energy for large laundry operations such as those of hospitals.																																														
Second Cabinet of Władysław Sikorski Third Cabinet of Władysław Sikorski Cabinet of Stanisław Mikołajczyk Cabinet of Tomasz Arciszewski Cabinet of Tadeusz Komorowski Cabinet of Tadeusz Tomaszewski Cabinet of Roman Odzierzyński Cabinet of Jerzy Hryniewski Cabinet of Stanisław Mackiewicz Cabinet of Hugon Hanke First Cabinet of Antoni Pająk Second Cabinet of Antoni Pająk First Cabinet of Aleksander Zawisza Second Cabinet of Aleksander Zawisza Third Cabinet of Aleksander Zawisza Cabinet of Zygmunt Muchniewski First Cabinet of Alfred Urbański Second Cabinet of Alfred Urbański First Cabinet of Kazimierz Sabbat Second Cabinet of Kazimierz Sabbat Third Cabinet of Kazimierz Sabbat Fourth Cabinet of Kazimierz Sabbat First Cabinet of Edward Szczepanik Second Cabinet of Edward Szczepanik   =																																														
Cabinet of Ignacy Daszyński Cabinet of Jędrzej Moraczewski Cabinet of Ignacy Jan Paderewski Cabinet of Leopold Skulski First Cabinet of Władysław Grabski First Cabinet of Wincenty Witos First Cabinet of Antoni Ponikowski Second Cabinet of Antoni Ponikowski Cabinet of Artur Śliwiński Cabinet of Julian Ignacy Nowak First Cabinet of Władysław Sikorski Second Cabinet of Wincenty Witos Second Cabinet of Władysław Grabski Cabinet of Aleksander Skrzyński Third Cabinet of Wincenty Witos First Cabinet of Kazimierz Bartel Second Cabinet of Kazimierz Bartel Third Cabinet of Kazimierz Bartel First Cabinet of Józef Piłsudski Fourth Cabinet of Kazimierz Bartel Cabinet of Kazimierza Świtalskiego Fifth Cabinet of Kazimierz Bartel First Cabinet of Walery Sławek Second Cabinet of Józef Piłsudski Second Cabinet of Walery Sławek Cabinet of Aleksander Prystor Cabinet of Janusz Jędrzejewicz Cabinet of Leon Kozłowski Third Cabinet of Walery Sławek Cabinet of Marian Zyndram-Kościałkowski Cabinet of Felicjan Sławój-Składkowski   =																																														
0 sq mi), and as of 2010 its total population is  11,848 (out of which the population of Połaniec amounts to  8,227, and the population of the rural part of the gmina is  3,621).																																														
Naden Harbour is a harbour on the north coast of Graham Island on Haida Gwaii (formerly known as the Queen Charlotte Islands), British Columbia, Canada.																																														
According to the 2011 Poland census, there were 7,983 people residing in Bogoria Commune, of whom 50% were male and 50% were female.																																														
It should not be confused with the similarly named Refuge Quintino Sella (Mont-Blanc) in the Mont Blanc massif or the Rifugio Quintino Sella al Monviso in the comune of Crissolo, Piedmont.																																														
Its seat is the village of Oleśnica, which lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Staszów and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.																																														
Gmina Szydłów contains the villages and settlements of Brzeziny, Gacki, Grabki Duże, Jabłonica, Korytnica, Kotuszów, Mokre, Osówka, Potok, Potok Rządowy, Rudki, Stary Solec, Szydłów, Wola Żyzna, Wolica and Wymysłów.																																														
Its administrative seat and largest town is Staszów, which lies 53 kilometres (33 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.																																														
Batowice Dziekanowice Mistrzejowice Osiedle Bohaterów Września Osiedle Kombatantów Osiedle Mistrzejowice Nowe Osiedle Oświecenia Osiedle Piastów Osiedle Srebrnych Orłów Osiedle Tysiąclecia Osiedle Złotego Wieku   =																																														
List of German U-boats List of U-boat types of Germany List of U-boat flotillas of Germany List of U-boats never deployed of World War II Germany Uncompleted U-boat projects of World War II Germany List of most successful German U-boats of Germany for kill tonnage in World War I and World War II Foreign U-boats of World War II Germany List of Austro-Hungarian U-boats   =																																														
Kitamatsuura Peninsula Kunisaki Peninsula Nagasaki Peninsula Nishisonogi Peninsula Ōsumi Peninsula Satsuma Peninsula Shimabara Peninsula Uto Peninsula   =																																														
Its seat is the town of Staszów, which lies approximately 53 kilometres (33 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.																																														
The only member of the genus Nasolamia, it is found in the tropical waters of the eastern Pacific Ocean between latitudes 31° N and 18° S, between depths of 15 to 200 m. It can grow up to a length of 1.																																														
The root is single, but longer and thicker than that of the incisors, conical in form, compressed laterally, and marked by a slight groove on each side.																																														
Primary enamel cuticle, also called Nasmyth's membrane, is thin membrane of tissue also known as reduced enamel epithelium (REE) produced by the ameloblast, that covers the tooth once it has erupted.																																														
For example, the following formulae show the deciduous and usual permanent dentition of all catarrhine primates, including humans:  Deciduous:                         (         d                    i                        2                             −         d                    c                        1                             −         d                    m                        2                             )                    /                  (         d                    i                        2                             −         d                    c                        1                             −         d                    m                        2                             )         ×         2         =																																														
The number and size of the canaliculi decrease as the tubules move away from the pulp and toward the enamel or cementum.																																														
It is found on the continental shelves of the subtropical eastern Pacific, from northern California to the Gulf of California, as well as Ecuador and Peru between latitudes 43° N and 18° S, from the surface to a depth of 200 m. It can grow up to a length of 1 m. The reproduction of this shark is viviparous.																																														
Teething necklaces and teething bracelets may pose a choking hazard to infants and toddlers depending on the teething parts, and have prompted recalls.																																														
In addition, there is another theory stating that neural crest gene regulatory network, and neural crest-derived ectomesenchyme are the key to generate teeth (with any epithelium, either ectoderm or endoderm).																																														
In each set, incisors (I) are indicated first, canines (C) second, premolars (P) third, and finally molars (M), giving I:C:P:M.																																														
Intraoral dental sinus (also termed a parulis and commonly, a gumboil) is an oral lesion characterized by a soft erythematous papule (red spot) that develops on the alveolar process in association with a non-vital tooth and accompanying dental abscess.																																														
They are more likely to seek support from other people, reinterpret and grow from experiences, and they spend more time planning how to deal with problems.																																														
A benefactor (from Latin  bene 'good', and  factor 'maker') is a person who gives some form of help to benefit a person, group or organization (the beneficiary), often gifting a monetary contribution in the form of an endowment to help a cause.																																														
Walter Sydney Sichel (1855–1933) was an English biographer and lawyer, the brother of Edith Helen Sichel, of German-Jewish descent, born in London and educated at Harrow and at Balliol College, Oxford.																																														
Also, gratitude tends to elicit positive emotions, and these positive emotions tend to focus attention on favorable possibilities in the future.																																														
Jane S. Gerber (born 1938) is a professor of Jewish history and director of the Institute for Sephardic Studies at the City University of New York.																																														
At the age of 2 he could recite the 30th Juz' of Quran by heart and memorized all the Quran at the age 5.																																														
At the end of Jewish works on traditional and religious subjects, it is customary for the author to express thanks to God for enabling the author of the book to complete it satisfactorily.																																														
Growing up in an observant family, she and her two sisters attended The Center Academy at the Brooklyn Jewish Center.																																														
He has a degree in history and has written significant works in Spain, including Las canciones del alba(1990), Palabras de demora (1994), En lugar del mundo (1998) and Los que devuelve el mar (2005).																																														
Islamic Way of Life (Urdu: Islam Ka Nizam Hayat) is a book written by prominent Muslim Sayyid Abul Ala Maududi in Lahore, 1948.																																														
Its herbivory may have been noticed earlier however, by Bennett and Zwolfer in 1968 in Guyana, Surinam and/or Brazil.																																														
Fresh water supply districts were first established in Texas in 1919 and serve as complements to Texas' other water supply system, water improvement districts.																																														
Qionglai (simplified Chinese: 邛崃; traditional Chinese: 邛崍; pinyin: Qiónglái) is a county-level city of Sichuan Province, Southwest China, it is under the administration of the prefecture-level city of Chengdu.																																														
The project was to supply drinking water needs of roughly 500 thousand people and will irrigate approximately 64,000 acres (260 km2) of drought prone fields.																																														
1866 Foundation of the Nestlé Group 1969: Acquisition of a 30% stake in the Société Générale des Eaux Minérales de Vittel in France 1974: Acquisition of the German Blaue Quellen group 1987: Nestlé S.A. takes a majority stake in Vittel and joins with Arrowhead 1992: Acquisition of the Source Perrier S.A. Source Perrier SA Group.																																														
They are descendants of Cuman-Kipchak tribes who mixed with the Burtas in the Middle Oka River area and Meschiora.																																														
The Varbitsa river, a tributary to the Arda, the main river of the Rhodope Mountains, runs through 8 municipalities, 6 of them within the region of Kardzhali and 2 in the region of Smolyan.																																														
Ideally, water resource management planning has regard to all the competing demands for water and seeks to allocate water on an equitable basis to satisfy all uses and demands.																																														
The new agency posted large fines against mineral water bottlers for mislabeled, misrepresented and adulterated products.																																														
Since then, the system has been repaired and this number has been reduced, at least until it increased again during the 2015-16 drought.																																														
Further legislation to define how domestic water supply undertakings should operate was enshrined in the Public Health Act 1875 and the Public Health Act 1936.																																														
Francis Edwin Kilvert (December 17, 1838 – August 21, 1910) was a lawyer and mayor of Hamilton, Ontario from 1877 to 1878.																																														
However, in Pakistan it is still expected that a bride will bring some kind of dowry with her to a marriage, whether she is Muslim, Hindu, or Christian.																																														
It is found in Angola, Benin, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Liberia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, South Sudan, Togo, and Uganda.																																														
The best-known and most valuable Shakhrisabz Suzanis were made in the 19th century, as a part of the bride's dowry.																																														
Kaew Korravee Kanokkorn Jaicheun Kanya Rattanapetch Kathaleeya McIntosh Katreeya English Kemisara Paladesh Kesarin Chaichalermpol Kessarin Ektawatkul Khemanit Jamikorn Khemupsorn Sirisukha Kimberly Ann Voltemas Kristine Vongvanij Korranid Laosubinprasoet   =																																														
He held curacies at St Mary, Wimbledon; St Martin's, Knowle; St Oswald, Cheam and St Peter, Bournemouth, and was then Vicar of Christchurch from 1945 until 1961.																																														
Often, the food consists of poultry and beef served with "Kuon" (ugali) and "mchele" (rice) and other delicacies like "aliyaa" (smoked beef) and many more.																																														
It is found in Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, Mali, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, Tanzania, Togo, and Uganda.																																														
Jerzy Topolski (20 September 1928 – 21 December 1998) was a Polish historian specializing in economic history, history of material culture, the early modern period, and theory and methodology of history.																																														
The Ergilian's lower boundary is the approximate base of the Priabonian age and approximate upper base of the Rupelian age.																																														
However, several related families had come to power in various parts of India during the imperial expansion of the Manyakheta Empire.																																														
They settled in the area in the late Bronze Age but their territory was later conquered during the Iron Age by the Osci, another Italic people but of the Osco-Umbrian group.																																														
Auxiliary sciences of history – scholarly disciplines which help evaluate and use historical sources and are seen as auxiliary for historical research.																																														
The 20th century in the United States refers to the period in the United States from 1900 through 2000 in the Gregorian calendar.																																														
British Iron Age Early Middle Ages Timeline of British history History of the British Isles History of England History of Ireland History of Northern Ireland History of Scotland History of Wales History of the United Kingdom Prehistory   =																																														
Kayus was reinstated king of present-day northern Iraq and western Iran following a two-year war between an array of united kingdoms and the Sasanian Empire.																																														
Vietnam Thiên Khánh (天慶, 1426–1428): Jiaozhi Province — era name of Trần Cảo Thuận Thiên (順天, 1428–1433): Later Lê dynasty — era name of Lê Thái Tổ Thiệu Bình (紹平, 1434–1439): Later Lê dynasty — era name of Lê Thái Tông Japan Ōei (応永, 1394–1428): era name of Emperor Go-Komatsu and Emperor Shōkō Shōchō (正長, 1428–1429): era name of Emperor Shōkō and Emperor Go-Hanazono Eikyō (永享, 1429–1441):  era name of Emperor Go-Hanazono   =																																														
Indonesia, Malaysia, Brunei  Samudera Pasai Sultanate (1267–1521) Malacca Sultanate (1400–1511) Bruneian Sultanate (1363–present) Aceh Sultanate (1496–1904) Sultanate of Siak (1723–1949) Aru Kingdom (1225–1613) Sultanate of Langkat (1568–1946) Sultanate of Asahan (1630–1946) Sultanate of Serdang (1723–1946) Sultanate of Deli (1632–1946) Pagaruyung Kingdom (1347–1833) Sultanate of Johor (1528–present) Sultanate of Kedah (1136–present) Sultanate of Kelantan (1267–present) Sultanate of Perak (1528–present) Sultanate of Pahang (1470–present) Sultanate of Selangor (1743–present) Sultanate of Terengganu (1725–present) Perlis Kingdom (1843–present) Negeri Sembilan Kingdom (1773–present) Sultanate of Sarawak (1599–1641) Bima Sultanate (1620–1958) Mataram Sultanate (1586–1755) Demak Sultanate (1475–1554) Cirebon Sultanate (1430–1666) Banten Sultanate (1527–1813) Kingdom of Pajang (1568–1618) Yogyakarta Sultanate (1755–present) Surakarta Sunanate (1755–present) Kingdom of Sumedang Larang (1527–1620) Kingdom of Kaimana (1309-Present) Kalinyamat Sultanate (1527–1599) Sultanate of Ternate (1257–1914) Sultanate of Tidore (1450–1967) Sultanate of Jailolo (1200s–1832) Sultanate of Bacan (1322–1965) Sultanate of Banjar (1526–1860) Sultanate of Pontianak (1771–1950) Kutai Kartanegara Sultanate (1600s–1945) Sultanate of Sambas (1609–1956) Sultanate of Sintang (1365–1950) Sultanate of Bulungan (1731–1964) Kingdom of Bolaang Mongondow (1670–1950) Sultanate of Gowa (1300s–1945) Kingdom of Tallo (1400–1856) Palembang Sultanate (1659–1823) Kingdom of Kaimana (1309–present) Jambi Sultanate (1550–1905) Riau-Lingga Sultanate (1824–1911)Philippines  Kingdom of Manila (1258–1571) Kingdom of Namayan (1175–1571) Kingdom of Tondo (1450–1589) Dapitan Kingdom (1200–1595) Datu of Mactan (1500–1540) Sultanate of Maguindanao (1515–1905) Sultanate of Sulu (1405–1915, 1962–1986)Thailand  Pattani Kingdom (1457–1902) Sultanate of Singora (1605–1680) Kingdom of Setul Mambang Segara (1808–1916) Kingdom of Reman (1810–1902)Indochina  Kingdom of Champa (1485–1832)   =																																														
They are usually, but not always, traditionally divided into 32 pharaonic dynasties; these dynasties are commonly grouped by modern scholars into "kingdoms" and "intermediate periods".																																														
Bollos (Panamanian cuisine) Chimaki, from Japan Humita List of Brazilian dishes Tamales, a similar dish made from a type of dry corn flour Zongzi, from China   =																																														
Corn, being a staple crop for many Native American tribes has led to corn soup being a primary food among them.																																														
Corn roasters are used by concession vendors at festivals, fairs, events, parties and holidays, such as the Fourth of July in the United States.																																														
Typical ingredients are corn cut from the cob, water, butter and flour, with salt and pepper for seasoning.																																														
The principal field corn varieties are dent corn, flint corn, flour corn (also known as soft corn) which includes blue corn (Zea mays amylacea), and waxy corn.																																														
The premises of the mill was formerly known as the Kanaker aluminum smelter, which was commissioned in 1950, and became one of the largest aluminum foil mills in the Soviet Union and Europe in the 1980s.																																														
Corn pudding has sometimes been prepared using "green corn", which refers to immature ears of corn that have not fully dried.																																														
Originating in Native American cuisine, it is now most commonly eaten in the Midwestern and Southern United States, as well as being used in the French Canadian dish pâté chinois ('Chinese pie': a dish like shepherd's pie).																																														
At the annual Minnesota State Fair in Falcon Heights, Minnesota, a group of up to 50 to 55 personnel produces significant quantities of roasted corn, which can vary daily.																																														
Makes Me Wanna Sing (Sweet)  4:36 "Calling on You" (Sweet)  3:45 "Free" (Sweet, Sweet)  3:39 "More Than a Man" (Sweet)  4:34 "You Won't Be Lonely" (Sweet, Gaines)  4:24 "Reach Out" (Sweet, Sweet)  5:26 "The Way" (Fox)  3:50 "Soldiers Under Command" (Sweet, Sweet)  5:22 "To Hell with the Devil" (Sweet, Sweet)  5:57 "Honestly" (Sweet)  4:25   =																																														
Extended Versions is the tenth release and second live album released by Stryper, although it was recorded during the time that 7 Weeks: Live in America, 2003 was recorded.																																														
99) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction  2 sucrose                         ⇌                 {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons }    D-glucose + beta-D-fructofuranosyl-(2->1)-beta-D-fructofuranosyl + alpha-D-glucopyranosideHence, this enzyme has one substrate, sucrose, but 3 products: D-glucose, [[beta-D-fructofuranosyl-(2->1)-beta-D-fructofuranosyl]], and alpha-D-glucopyranoside.																																														
Ravex (official site) Red Velvet (group) Remioromen Rider Chips (official site) Rin' (official site) Rodgers, Dave (born Giancarlo Pasquini) [Avex Trax] *Italy* Run Girls, Run!																																														
Back-On [Cutting Edge] (official site) *Japan* Ballistik Boyz from Exile Tribe (Rhythm Zone) Beverly Big Bang [YGEX] (official site) *Japan* Bis (between 2012 and 2014) Bish BoA [S.M. JAPAN/Avex Trax] (official site) *Japan* Boredoms [Commons] (official site) *Japan* Breaking Benjamin [Avex International] (official site) *Japan* Bridear Bridgit Mendler [Avex International] (official site) *Japan* Bright [Rhythm Zone] (official site) *Japan* Bryk, Dan [Cutting Edge] (official site) *Japan* Blackpink [YGEX]   =																																														
Tang, Danson [Avex Taiwan] (official site) *Taiwan* TREASURE (YGEX) TRF (official site) Tackey & Tsubasa (official site) Tacoyaki Rainbow [Avex Trax, since 2016] Takano Akira Tamaki, Hiroshi (official site) Tanimura, Nana (official site) Tank (HIM International Music/Avex Asia) Tara Priya (official site) Tenjochiki [S.M. JAPAN/Rhythm Zone](official site) Tetra-Fang The Boom (official site) The Rampage from Exile Tribe (Rhythm Zone) Jennifer Thomas (pianist) (official site) Tohoshinki [S.M. JAPAN/Rhythm Zone/Avex Trax](official site) Toki, Asako [Rhythm Zone] *Japan* TOKYO GIRLS' STYLE (official site) Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra (official site) tomboy (official site) TraxX [S.M. JAPAN/Avex Trax] (official site) Tse, Kay [Avex Asia] *Hong Kong* Tsuchiya, Anna (official site) The World Standard (Wa-suta) [Avex Trax] (official site) Takayanagi, Akane (SKE48) [Avex Entertainment]   =																																														
Craspedocephalus brongersmai is found in Indonesia, on the Mentawai islands of Siberut and Simeulue, which are located off the west coast of Sumatra.																																														
The extraordinary speed with which the venom spreads through tissue and produces rapid manifestations of life-threatening symptoms is unique to mambas.																																														
Trimeresurus gracilis, commonly known as the Taiwan pit viper or Taiwan mountain pitviper, is a venomous pit viper species endemic to Taiwan.																																														
Tudivasum zanzibaricum, common name the Zanzibar tudicula, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the subfamily Vasinae, the vase shells, within the family Turbinellidae.																																														
Its natural range covers the waters off Taiwan, Haikou on Hainan Island, and Guryanova in the Gulf of Tonkin, Vietnam.																																														
Plagiotremus goslinei, the biting blenny, Gosline's fangblenny, scale-eating blenny or the scale-eating fang blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific Ocean.																																														
Semirossia patagonica is a species of bobtail squid native to the southwestern Atlantic Ocean and southeastern Pacific Ocean; it occurs around the southern part of South America and has been recorded from waters off Chile, Anegada Bay, Tierra del Fuego, Argentina, and the Falkland Islands.																																														
It is endemic to Peru where it is only known from its type locality near Comunidad Nativa de Davis, Cordillera El Sira, Pasco Region.																																														
Coralliozetus springeri is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs from Costa Rica to Ecuador in the eastern central Pacific ocean.																																														
Systema naturæ per regna tria naturæ, secundum classes, ordines, genera, species, cum characteribus, diferentiis, synonymis, locis.																																														
It is found in Botswana, Cameroon, Ivory Coast, Eswatini, Ethiopia, Guinea, Kenya, Liberia, Malawi, Mozambique, Nigeria, South Africa, South Sudan, Tanzania, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.																																														
Italian hat maker Borsalino has covered the heads of Hollywood stars and the world's rich and famous.																																														
Species include:  Mesoclemmys dahli (Zangerl and Medem, 1958) - Dahl's toad-headed turtle Mesoclemmys gibba (Schweigger, 1812) - Gibba turtle Mesoclemmys heliostemma (McCord, Joseph-Ouni, and Lamar 2001) Mesoclemmys jurutiensis Cunha, Sampaio, Carneiro, & Vogt, 2021 Mesoclemmys nasuta (Schweigger, 1812) Mesoclemmys perplexa Bour & Zaher, 2005 Mesoclemmys raniceps (Gray, 1856) - Amazon toad-headed turtle Mesoclemmys tuberculata (Luederwaldt, 1926) - Tuberculate toad-headed turtle Mesoclemmys vanderhaegei (Bour, 1973) - Vanderhaege's toad-headed turtle Mesoclemmys zuliae (Pritchard and Trebbau, 1984) - Zulia toad-headed turtle † Mesoclemmys vanegasorum (Cadena et al.																																														
common opponents regardless of the number of times played) Coin flipThe top four seeds receive byes into the quarterfinals.																																														
Some fashion historians think that cocktail hats were the precursor to fascinators, hairpieces worn on the side of the head that gained popularity in the 1970s, while others argue that fascinators were worn during the day and cocktail hats in the late afternoon or evening.																																														
The winner of the tournament receives the MAC's automatic bid into the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship tournament.																																														
More than 100 people have contributed altogether to the seventy planet discovery papers published or submitted by the project as of Feb 2020.																																														
England lost both games in the two–match test series against the Australia national rugby union team but won the test match against the Fiji national rugby union team.																																														
Renato e Seus Blue Caps (also known as Bacaninhas do Rock da Piedade) is a Brazilian rock band formed in Rio de Janeiro in the late 1950s.																																														
The first name was censored on the radio and Jair de Taumaturgo suggested the final name, inspired by Gene Vincent and His Blue Caps.																																														
Body II Body is a song by Irish singer Samantha Mumba, released as the second single from her debut album, Gotta Tell You (2000), on 16 October 2000.																																														
Body II Body reached number two in Ireland, number five in the United Kingdom, number nine in Iceland, and number 14 in Australia.																																														
Others have expressed a different view, accepting or tolerating such marriages, instead focusing their attention towards the concept that the children of a Jewish parent be raised Jewish, with some sense of their identity rooted in Judaism and in Jewish culture.																																														
Worship of bangles and presentation of bangles to married women is believed to be productive for an ideal married life to the person whoso worships and presents them.																																														
Walima is essentially interchangeable with American and English terms such as: wedding reception or celebration (when held to celebrate a marriage), birthday party (when held to celebrate the birth of a newborn), or housewarming party (when held to celebrate the purchase of a new home).																																														
Non-Unificationists (people of other faiths, nonreligious) who believe in the ideals of the church teachings can also be part of the Marriage Blessing.																																														
They are often accompanied by weddings, and have different forms, reflecting particular religious and philosophical views of the couple.																																														
The first indigenous person from Assam to be baptized into the baptist faith was Nidhi Levi from the aboriginal Kaibarta(JalKeot) ethnicity baptized in 1841.																																														
Bengali Hindu wedding refers to the traditional Bengali wedding, usually with Hindu rites and rituals native to the Indian subcontinent.																																														
The Union of Evangelical Christians-Baptists in Serbia (Serbian: Savez evanđeoskih hrišćana-baptista u Srbiji) is a fellowship of Baptist churches in Serbia and Montenegro founded in 1992.																																														
Special hymns for these saints are found in the Menaion, which are combined with hymns for the Feast of the Nativity, and special Epistle and Gospel readings are chanted at the Divine Liturgy.																																														
The chef of the event takes a leading role in each episode, but the preparation of the venue is also showcased, as is the service during the actual event.																																														
These were members of the Armenian Apostolic Church who converted to the official Orthodox faith of Caucasian Iberia, which upheld the decrees of the Council of Chalcedon.																																														
Nelson became interested in biofuels in 2004 after his wife bought a diesel car, which she fueled only with biodiesel.																																														
Methyl pentanoate, commonly known as methyl valerate, is the methyl ester of pentanoic acid (valeric acid) with a fruity odor.																																														
The composition of coconut oil is included for comparison: These oils are also valuable as sources of single fatty acids.																																														
Notably, it exposes the evidence surrounding the exaggeration of the oil reserves in Kuwait by travelling there to meet former MP Abdullah Al-Nibari.																																														
Horace Walter Rigden List of oil refineries National Iranian Oil Refining and Distribution Company Petroleum Siege of Abadan   =																																														
The Nagapattnam Refinery also known as Cauvery Basin Refinery was the second oil refinery constructed by Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited.																																														
Kosher Supervision of America is a not-for-profit Kashrut organization based in Los Angeles, California, United States which was certified to operate as of January 31, 1996.																																														
Palmitate negatively feeds back on acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC), which is responsible for converting acetyl-CoA to malonyl-CoA, which in turn is used to add to the growing acyl chain, thus preventing further palmitate generation.																																														
The company foundation stone was laid by the then Minister for Fuel, Power and Natural Resources in the late 1950s.																																														
The MPOB supports the development of new products including biodiesel and alternate uses for palm biomass, the organic waste produced when processing oil palm trees.																																														
Mistletoe is near her grandfather's Melrose Plantation and Sinkhola Plantation owned by her sister Mrs. Warren Bicknell, Jr.Mistletoe continues to be a conservation easement for Tall Timbers Research Station and Land Conservancy.																																														
Mary Rose Tully MPH IBCLC (29 July 1946 – 20 January 2010) was an American lactation consultant, director of the Department of Lactation Services at the University of North Carolina's Women's Hospital, and an adjunct clinical instructor of pediatrics at the University of North Carolina's School of Medicine.																																														
Often the stage mother is the manager of the child's career and oversees their auditions, costuming and preparation for performances and negotiates financial remuneration on the child's behalf.																																														
The inner section, which encircles the nipple and puts pressure on the surrounding breast tissue, is often lined with soft material such as silicone.																																														
Older nipple shields were made of latex and harder, thicker plastics, and often caused more problems than they solved.																																														
In the United Kingdom, the Equality Act 2010 makes the prevention of a woman breastfeeding in any public place discrimination under the law.																																														
Along with working with Prolacta Bioscience to ensure the safety and quality of the donated milk, IBMP received the highest Charities Review Council Review indication that it meets all of the council's Accountability Standards.																																														
Modern nipple shields are made of soft, thin, flexible silicone and have holes at the end of the nipple section to allow the breast milk to pass through.																																														
When the newborn infant suckles on the breast, the infant is nourished both by fluid from the capillary tube and by the mother's breastmilk from the nipple.																																														
A strong letdown reflex often coincides with overactive milk production, engorgement, and problems with the sucking/breathing pattern of the baby.																																														
: 34–47  Without sufficient breast stimulation, supplementation can reduce the mother's milk production, so pumping would be indicated in these cases if continued breastfeeding is desired.																																														
Stretch fabric structures create contemporary-looking design elements that have many uses in corporate theatre and event production.																																														
Azzedine Alaia and Donna Karan helped make the bodysuit a fashion item for both men, women and even tweens, teens, and young adult/college age in the 1980s to mid 1990s seen a lot in short cap sleeved or turtleneck versions worn in popular fashion style as a top especially with high waisted jeans and also with regular and dress shorts and skirts.																																														
A bodysuit is a one-piece form-fitting or skin-tight garment that covers the torso and the crotch, and sometimes the legs, hands, and feet, and cannot be used as a swimsuit.																																														
Nilceu Aparecido dos Santos (born July 14, 1977, in Cascavel) is a Brazilian professional racing cyclist for the DataRo-Bottecchia team.																																														
A bodystocking  or body stocking is a one-piece skin-tight garment that covers the torso, legs and sometimes the arms of the wearer.																																														
Spandex garments are often worn by swimmers, gymnasts, ballet dancers, wrestlers, rowers, cyclists, contortionists and circus performers, and spandex fetishists may incorporate fantasies about these activities into their particular fetish.																																														
Wearers of skin-tight nylon and cotton spandex garments can appear naked or coated in a shiny or matte substance like paint.																																														
In the early 20th century, use of leotards was mainly confined to circus and acrobatic shows, but were also worn by professional dancers, such as the showgirls of Broadway.																																														
The first recognized bodysuit was worn by Bettie Page in the 1950s, and was a trademark attire of the Playboy Bunnies from the 1960s, as well as Wonder Woman in the animated series Super Friends and Lynda Carter's television series.																																														
List of flag bearers for Ethiopia at the Olympics Category:Olympic competitors for Ethiopia Ethiopia at the Paralympics Tropical nations at the Winter Olympics   =																																														
They have the same faces around each vertex, but vertex configurations along the rotation become a different order, 3.																																														
In conjunction with the high, triangular dorsal fin, the belly gives the fish a rhombus-shaped body profile, hence the generic name.																																														
Kakutani, S. (1942), "A proof that there exists a circumscribing cube around any bounded closed convex set in R3", Annals of Mathematics, Second Series, 43 (4): 739–741, doi:10.																																														
The angle of the incidence is the angle between the incident ray and the surface normal (an imaginary line perpendicular to the surface).																																														
One-dimensional patterns may appear when superimposing an opaque layer containing tiny horizontal transparent lines on top of a layer containing a complex shape which is periodically repeating along the vertical axis.																																														
The smallest rectangle that can be cut into (m × n) rectangles, such that all m and n are different integers, is the 9 × 13 rectangle, and the tiling uses five rectangles.																																														
Katz, Nicholas M.; Laumon, Gérard (1985), "Transformation de Fourier et majoration de sommes exponentielles", Publications Mathématiques de l'IHÉS, 62 (62): 361–418, doi:10.																																														
We may ask whether a given affine representation has a fixed point in the given affine space A. If it does, we may take that as origin and regard A as a vector space; in that case, we actually have a linear representation in dimension n. This reduction depends on a group cohomology question, in general.																																														
In complex analysis, a subfield of mathematics, a lacunary value or gap of a complex-valued function defined on a subset of the complex plane is a complex number which is not in the image of the function.																																														
The notion of a symmetric bilinear space is a generalization of Euclidean space whose structure is defined by a symmetric bilinear form (which need not be positive definite, so is not necessarily an inner product – for instance, a pseudo-Euclidean space is also a symmetric bilinear space).																																														
Although the name implies any half of a cube, a hemicube is usually a cube cut through a plane parallel to one of its faces.																																														
DublinNational Aquatic Centre, Abbotstown, North Dublin University College Dublin, Belfield, South Dublin (opened 2012)LimerickUniversity of Limerick, Castletroy.																																														
Danielle Woodhouse  (born 23 January 1969 in Perth) is an Australian water polo player from the gold medal squad of the 2000 Summer Olympics.																																														
Josep Picó Lladó (born April 12, 1964 in Sabadell, Catalonia) is a former water polo player from Spain, who was a member of the national team that won the silver medal near his home town, at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.																																														
Klas Erik "Nello" Andersson (17 March 1896 – 23 February 1985) was a Swedish swimmer and water polo player.																																														
After the first olympics being held as open water swimming, after a few olympics closed water swimming was introduced and front crawl or freestyle was the first event that was introduced, the events were 50m, 100m, 200m freestyle.																																														
She swam in the 400-metre and 800-metre freestyle events, in addition to the 400-metre individual medley at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.																																														
A Vichy shower, also known as an affusion shower, is a kind of shower used in spas, featuring a horizontal bar with five to seven shower heads, or holes.																																														
Larsen is the sister of sportscaster and fellow Olympian Karin Larsen, who covered Larsen's medal-winning performance for CBC News.																																														
The facility contains 4 pools, a swirl pool, a sauna, a steam room, a weight room, an aerobic studio, and an ice rink.																																														
When combined with the blue of the water, the pool appeared to be an exceptionally dark green to almost black, hence the name.																																														
Preliminary and Semifinal heats were on 24 July with the heats being held in the morning session and the semifinals being held in the evening session.																																														
It is organised by the Council of East and Central Africa Football Associations (CECAFA), and includes national under 20 teams from Central and East Africa.																																														
Totalise (Totalise became part of Madasafish in 2006) sued Motley Fool because a user named "Zeddust" made negative comments about Totalise on the Motley Fool website.																																														
370–1 Lane Fox, Robin, Alexander the Great, p. 283 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Smith, William, ed.																																														
Travelers who wanted to avoid this checkpoint could make use of a hime kaidō that would take them over the mountains and to Oiwake-shuku, the twentieth station on the Nakasendō.																																														
It was introduced in 1984 and discontinued after the 2000–01 season, when it was replaced by the UEFA Futsal Cup.																																														
UK CD1  "Go Gone" (single version) "Go Gone" (EB Get Down remix)UK CD2  "Go Gone" (single version) "Go Gone" (Rough Diamond remix) "Go Gone" (Soul Central remix) "Go Gone" (EB Get Down remix) "Go Gone" (video)UK 12-inch vinyl Side A  "Go Gone" (single version) "Go Gone" (EB Get Down remix)Side B  "Go Gone" (Soul Central remix) "Go Gone" (Rough Diamond remix)   =																																														
The 4th FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) was an international swimming meet organized by FINA, held 1–4 April 1999 at the Hong Kong Coliseum in Hong Kong.																																														
Because of all the turns in the road, though, it was often called "Nana-mawari (七回り)," which means "seven turns".																																														
There was a 3% reduction in the number of councillors, owing to the abolition of the Greater London Council and the Metropolitan County Councils.																																														
The blog rose into prominence when US President George W. Bush cited the blog in a speech defending the Iraq War.																																														
Amy Haines travels to the infamous "Psycho House" to write a book about Bates when mysterious murders begin to occur.																																														
The list is arranged by constituency for members elected through direct elections and by last name for members elected through the party list.																																														
In 2017, as part of the government reform in Moldova, the Ministry of Culture was renamed to Ministry of Education, Culture and Research, and absorbed the Ministry of Education, and the Ministry of Youth and Sports, becoming their legal successor.																																														
The Wyandot (sometimes formerly referred to as the Huron) are a First Nations/Native American people originally from the area now often referred to as Ontario, Canada, and surrounding areas.																																														
Note the representative/delegate can also serve non-consecutive terms if the representative/delegate loses election and wins re-election to the House.																																														
A total of 140 matches have been played, with England having won 76 times, Scotland 45 times and nineteen matches have been drawn.																																														
Players control a yellow AH-64 Apache helicopter with weapons and shoot everything in the air and on the ground.																																														
) Ramamoorthy — found in India Buchanania arborescens (Blume) Blume — Satinwood or Lightwood, native to Taiwan, Indo-China, India, Malesia (including the Philippines), Papua New Guinea the Solomon Islands and Australia.																																														
Lord Langdale's judgment read:  Under the circumstances stated in this bill, I think there exists no valid binding contract between the parties for the purchase of this property.																																														
The votes are given by managers, coaches and captains of Belarusian full and U21 national teams, Belarusian Premier League clubs, Belarusian referees, football specialists, journalists and BFF workers.																																														
In addition to being based on a questionable notion of implied assent, the last shot rule tended in practice to favor sellers over buyers, because sellers normally “fire the last shot” – i.e., send the last form.																																														
While the offer may bind a person morally, since the offer has not been created with any consideration, it is gratuitous and treated as a unilateral contract.																																														
The following names are accepted by two or more naming authorities: Pastinaca hirsuta Pančić, Pastinaca lucida L., and Pastinaca sativa L. Only one of those names (Pastinaca sativa L.) is accepted by all three naming authorities.																																														
Statements of invitation are only intended to solicit offers from people and are not intended to result in any immediate binding obligation.																																														
However, the Uniform Commercial Code ("UCC") dispenses with it in § 2-207 (but it can also be argued that § 2-207(1) enforces the mirror image rule).																																														
If a person selects an item in a department store and pays the cashier for it, the person thereby indicates that they agree to the offer of the item for the price stated on the price tag.																																														
Pericranial tenderness is also not likely a peripheral causal factor for TTH, but may instead act to trigger a chronic pain cycle in which the peripheral pain response is transformed over time into a centralized pain response.																																														
As well as being split into two classes, menstrual migraines may have two different pathophysiologies, based on whether or not a woman is taking any oral contraceptives or another form of cyclical hormone replacement therapy.																																														
It is well documented that migraine occurs nearly three times as often in women than in men, and is one of the top five most common disabling conditions in women.																																														
Despite the pineal gland being in the center of the brain, due to recent advancements in endoscopic medicine, endoscopic brain surgery to drain and/or remove the cyst can be done with the patient spending 5-10 nights in the hospital, and being fully recovered in weeks, rather than a year, as is the case with open-skull brain surgery.																																														
(Proton Beam Therapy should be included here by someone with good knowledge of it; it is more accurate, and very importantly for pediatric cases, has reduced side effects.																																														
Its primary use is in experimental situations in which blockade of β2 receptors is necessary to determine the activity of the drug (i.e. if the β2 receptor is completely blocked, but the given effect is still present, the given effect is not a characteristic of the β2 receptor).																																														
Noxiptiline (brand names Agedal, Elronon, Nogedal), also known as noxiptyline and dibenzoxine, is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) that was introduced in Europe in the 1970s for the treatment of depression.																																														
Another cause of orthostatic headaches is postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome (POTS), a form of dysautonomia, which is diagnosed with autonomic testing instead of the imaging tests that are used to determine a CSF leak.																																														
Cervicogenic headache originates from disorders of the neck, including the anatomical structures innervated by the cervical roots C1–C3.																																														
The alterations in physiology that lead to overall process of central sensitization involve changes at the level of neural tracts, neurotransmitters and their receptors, the neural synapse, and the post-synaptic membrane.																																														
For example, it may be required for a patient with a lumbar–peritoneal shunt, if multiple revisions are required or overdrainage is occurring, to have it replaced with a ventriculo–peritoneal shunt (VP shunt).																																														
The practice of airing, once ubiquitous in Great Britain, for example, in the constant battle against damp and mold, has become far less common with the advent of central heating and affordable clothes dryers.																																														
An overhead clothes airer can be lowered by its pulley mechanism to a convenient height for loading the wet laundry, and then hoisted out of the way to ceiling height while the clothes dry.																																														
An overhead clothes airer, also known variously as a ceiling clothes airer, laundry airer, pulley airer, laundry rack, laundry pulley, or a Sheila Maid, is a ceiling-mounted mechanism to dry clothes.																																														
Since the 1980s, drying cabinets have been common in European laundromats, especially in the tvättstuga – a laundry room in Swedish housing cooperatives.																																														
In 1974, a Darwin family reported that the only thing left standing after Cyclone Tracy was their Hills Hoist.																																														
The airer consists of a rack with several horizontal wooden rails or laths, suspended in two mounts or rack ends which were originally cast iron, but may be other metals or alloys today.																																														
The term is often used pejoratively, for example to imply that an actor or actress has been cast in a role primarily to show off costumes rather than for their acting ability.																																														
The heat exchanger typically uses ambient air as its coolant, therefore the heat produced by the dryer will go into the immediate surroundings instead of the outside, increasing the room temperature.																																														
Project Laundry List "Clothesline Rule Creates Flap" Boston Globe article March 13, 2008 N.Y. Times article Dec.																																														
As early as 1895 Colin Stewart and Allan Harley of Sun Foundry in Adelaide applied for a patent for an 'Improved Rotary and Tilting Clothes Drying Rack'.																																														
Alternative government-in-exile, created by Juliusz Nowina-Sokolnicki  Cabinet of Sergiusz Ursyn-Szantyr Cabinet of Zenon Janasiak Cabinet of Ryszard Jóżef Zawisza Cabinet of Stanisław Zięba Cabinet of Jan Zygmunt Sobolewski Cabinet of Jan Libront Cabinet of Jan Alfred Chanerley-Łokcikowski   =																																														
Cape Naden is the point on the west side of the entrance to Virago Sound, which is at the entrance to Naden Harbour.																																														
As of 2019 its total population is  67,331, out of which the population of Staszów is  14,762, that of Połaniec is  8,098, that of Osiek is  2,007, and the rural population is  42,464.																																														
Askøy, Austevoll, Austrheim, Bergen, Fedje, Fjell, Fusa, Lindås, Masfjorden, Meland, Modalen, Os, Osterøy, Radøy, Samnanger, Sund, Vaksdal, Øygarden.																																														
Bieżanów Bieżanów Kolonia Kaim Łazy Osiedle Kolejowe Osiedle Medyków Osiedle Na Kozłówce Osiedle Nad Potokiem Osiedle Nowy Bieżanów Osiedle Nowy Prokocim Osiedle Parkowe Osiedle Złocień Prokocim Rżąka   =																																														
Loch Dunvegan (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Dhùn Bheagain), is a sea loch on the west coast of the island of Skye in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.																																														
When towed behind a larger boat as a convenience in going from the larger boat to shore, a rodney was called a go-ashore.																																														
Commanded by Captain-of-a-Galley James Payne, she was used to defend the coast of South Carolina during the Quasi-War with France.																																														
A rodney or punt is a small Newfoundland wooden boat typically used by one man for hook and line fishing, for squid jigging, for travelling settlement to settlement, to shop, or to get out to their powered fishing boats.																																														
As of June 2019 it contains eight species, found only in Africa: Bacelarella conjugans Szüts & Jocqué, 2001 – Ivory Coast Bacelarella dracula Szüts & Jocqué, 2001 – Ivory Coast, Nigeria Bacelarella fradei Berland & Millot, 1941 (type) – West Africa, Congo, Malawi Bacelarella gibbosa Wesolowska & Edwards, 2012 – Nigeria Bacelarella iactans Szüts & Jocqué, 2001 – Ivory Coast Bacelarella pavida Szüts & Jocqué, 2001 – Ivory Coast Bacelarella tanohi Szüts & Jocqué, 2001 – Ivory Coast Bacelarella tentativa Szüts & Jocqué, 2001 – Ivory Coast   =																																														
The solutions involved (such as filling growing defects with fluids) has inspired scientists to make novel bioinspired (or biomimicry) materials.																																														
The primary enamel cuticle protects enamel from resorption by cells of the dental sac and also secretes desmolytic enzymes for elimination of the dental sac, allowing fusion between reduced enamel epithelium and oral epithelium.																																														
The mandibular first premolar is the tooth located laterally (away from the midline of the face) from both the mandibular canines of the mouth but mesial (toward the midline of the face) from both mandibular second premolars.																																														
Their density is 59,000 to 76,000 per square millimeter near the pulp, whereas the density is only half as much near the enamel.																																														
This article incorporates text in the public domain from page 1116 of the 20th edition of Gray's Anatomy (1918)   =																																														
Though the two are similar, there are some minor differences between the deciduous (baby) mandibular central incisor and that of the permanent mandibular central incisor.																																														
Elephants are polyphyodonts whose teeth are similar to those of manatees, and it is notable that elephants are believed to have undergone an aquatic phase in their evolution.																																														
These teeth are in extremely high demand by collectors and private investors, and they can fetch steep prices according to their size and deterioration.																																														
As a rough guide, it can be said that the anterior teeth are tailored to biting (breaking the food into chewable chunks) whereas the posterior teeth are tailored to chewing (comminuting the food into swallowable particles).																																														
Moreover, further proliferation on the leading edge of the lamina leads to permanent teeth development, as a result, successional lamina is formed when those permanent teeth succeed the 20 deciduous teeth.																																														
Children or adults who are incapable of caring for their own teeth should be assisted with oral hygiene in order to prevent tooth loss.																																														
Additionally, he wrote:  The Squires [by Aston Ryot (Σ)], an Aristophanic Burlesque (1885) Bolingbroke (1902) Disraeli, A Study in Personality and Ideas (1904) The Life of Lord Beaconsfield (1904) Emma, Lady Hamilton (new edition, 1905) The Life of Richard Brinsley Sheridan (two volumes, 1909) Sterne, A Study (1910)   =																																														
In this study it was also noted that, "when the expectations of return from the benefactor increase, indebtedness of the beneficiary increases but gratitude decreases".																																														
In 1974, after writing an article for The Jewish Observer about the life of the Chofetz Chaim, "The Profile of an Oheiv Yisroel," Zelig Pliskin was asked to write a book explaining the Chofetz Chaim's teachings.																																														
The following people have served as deans or acting deans of the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell University.																																														
Several years following Pliskin's move to Israel, the outreach organization Aish HaTorah asked him to speak on human emotions and relationships.																																														
According to the United Nations' "UN World Water Development Report", the total actual renewable water resources increased from 2,961 m³ per capita in 2000.																																														
The lower course Xijiang (West River) in Guangdong, China was periodically affected and has been widely reported since 2004, for bringing shortage of fresh water supply to the western part of the Pearl River Delta.																																														
However, the 2012 Environmental Performance Index ranked India at 177th position out of 180 countries in 2018,as having the poorest relative air quality out of 132countries.																																														
Examples include:  Trans-Saharan slave trade Indian Ocean slave trade Barbary slave trade Slavery in Tunisia Slavery in Libya Slavery in Sudan Slavery in Mauritania Slavery in Yemen   =																																														
Water collected is routed through stone conduits to two lakes that were constructed in 1910 and 1932, from where it is piped to the town after purification at the Jorebungalow filtration plant.																																														
The Qom River or Qom Roud (Persian: رودخانه قم‌رود) receives its water from the Zagros Mountains and mounds into the Namak Lake.																																														
In general, ionic and polar substances such as acids, alcohols, and salts are relatively soluble in water, and nonpolar substances such as fats and oils are not.																																														
Most of this fresh water consumption in the steel plant can be avoided by recycling the generated effluent water  which is drained into the sea.																																														
A salient feature of the sector in the United Kingdom compared to other developed countries is the diversity of institutional arrangements between the constituting parts of the UK (England and Wales; Scotland; and Northern Ireland), which are each described in separate articles, while this article is devoted to some common issues across the United Kingdom.																																														
Hydrology considers quantifying surface water flow and solute transport, although the treatment of flows in large rivers is sometimes considered as a distinct topic of hydraulics or hydrodynamics.																																														
These higher coverage figures may be due to a broader definition of improved sanitation in the census compared to the Demographic and Health Survey used as a source by the JMP) There are substantial regional differences in coverage.																																														
Age Requirements - According to customary law, no specific age requirement exists; however, the RCMA includes a minimum age requirement of 18.																																														
It is found in Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Liberia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, Tanzania, Togo, and Uganda.																																														
The amount due is affected by many different factors including, but not limited to, the education level of the prospective bride, the financial means of the prospective spouses, and whether the prospective bride (or groom) already has children.																																														
As polygamy or "doho" is permitted in Luo tradition, a man may carry out Ayie several times with different women, and all marriages are recognized as legal under the Kenyan or Tanzanian law governing traditional marriage.																																														
According to the II Population and Housing Count of 2005, the municipality has 32,721 inhabitants, of which 16,298 are men and 16,423 are women   =																																														
Aqaba Arsinoe Eilat (Elath) Kuntillet Ajrud Pelusium (Sin) Rud el-'Air Serabit el-Khadim Tell Kedwa Wadi Maghareh   =																																														
Domyśl [ˈdɔmɨɕl] (German: Eggebrechtsmühle) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czarne, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.																																														
Hamdanid dynasty (890–1004 CE) Mazyadids (961–1163 CE) (central and southern Iraq) Numayrids (990–1081 CE) (eastern Syria and southeastern Turkey) Uqaylid Dynasty (990–1169 CE) Mirdasids (1024–1080 CE) Harfush dynasty (1483–1865 CE) Ali al-Saghir Dynasty (1710–1980 CE)   =																																														
major archaeological cultures and sites in Russia  Kermek (ru:Кермек (стоянка)) Bogatyri/Sinyaya Balka (ru:Богатыри/Синяя балка) Palaeolithic site Kostyonki Sungir Yana RHS (ru:Янская стоянка) Afontova Gora Mal'ta–Buret' culture (Upper Paleolithic) Khvalynsk culture (Eneolithic) Fatyanovo–Balanovo culture (Chalcolithic) Novotitorovka culture (Early Bronze Age) Maykop culture (Early Bronze Age) Maykop kurgan Yamna culture Afanasevo culture (Early Bronze Age) Abashevo culture (Bronze Age) Andronovo culture (Middle to Late Bronze Age) Arkaim Sintashta Srubna culture (Late Bronze to Iron Age) Tanais (Late Bronze to Iron Age) Pazyryk culture (Iron Age) Tmutarakan Staraya Ladoga (Viking Age) Rurikovo Gorodische Gnyozdovo Sarkel (9th century)   =																																														
Suigakuki (late Nara period) Nihon Ryōiki (810-824) Yamato Monogatari (956) Sanpō Ekotoba (984) Nihon Ōjō Gokurakuki (985-986) Taketori Monogatari (early 10th century) Utsubo Monogatari (c.																																														
Three years later, in 613 BCE, Suhum rebelled against him, which led Nabopolassar to send an expedition against Suhum.																																														
Holland, C. H.; Lawson, J. D.; Walmsley, V. G.; and White D. E.; 1980: Ludlow stages, Lethaia 13, p. 268, ISSN 0024-1164.																																														
The history of the period in Farfa's history, besides the barest chronological outline, has been obscure since it was first written down, by Gregory of Catino in the late eleventh century.																																														
1216–1485) Scotland in the Middle Ages Scotland in the Early Middle Ages (400–900) Scotland in the High Middle Ages (900–1286) Scotland in the Late Middle Ages (1286–1513) Wales in the Middle Ages Wales in the Early Middle Ages (c.																																														
Baby corn (also known as young corn, cornlets or baby sweetcorn) is a cereal grain taken from corn (maize) harvested early while the stalks are still small and immature.																																														
It is a soupy version of sweetcorn, and unlike other preparations of sweetcorn, creamed corn is partially puréed, releasing the liquid contents of the kernels.																																														
Esquites is also known in some other countries such as Iran where it is known as "Mexican corn" (Persian: ذرت مکزیکی, zorrat mekziki) and Bulgaria where it is known as "corn in cup" (Bulgarian: царевица в чашка, tsarevitsa v chashka).																																														
Corn pudding (also called pudding corn, puddin' corn, hoppy glop, or spoonbread) is a creamy culinary dish prepared from stewed corn, water, any of various thickening agents, and optional additional flavoring or texturing ingredients.																																														
Corn pudding is not to be confused with hasty pudding, which is typically made from ground corn, rather than whole kernel corn.																																														
Creamed corn (which is also known by other names, such as cream style sweet corn) is a type of creamed vegetable dish made by combining pieces of whole sweetcorn with a soupy liquid of milky residue from pulped corn kernels scraped from the cob.																																														
These sauces may themselves be named simply "melted butter", "drawn butter", or "drawn butter sauce", and flavored with vinegar, salt, pepper, capers, watercress, and so on.																																														
In the 18th century, a small amount of flour and water or milk was often added to melted butter to thicken it and prevent it from separating.																																														
Yamin, Elliott (official site) Yazima Beauty Salon (official site) Yaen YMCK Yasuharu Takanashi (Fairy Tail Original Soundtrack 5) Yoshida, Takuro (official site)   =																																														
Mai (official site) MAY (official site) May J. (official site) MAX (official site) Makihara, Noriyuki (official site) Matsushita, Moeko (official site) McFly (official site) McLean, A. J. [Avex International] (official site) *Japan* M-Flo (official site) mini [Cutting Edge/Avex Trax] (official site) mink (official site) Misono (official site) Missile Innovation (official site) Miura, Daichi [Avex Trax] (official site) *Japan* Monkey Majik (official site) moumoon (official site) M.O.V.E (official site) Myra (official site)   =																																														
Okada, Nana (official site) Okumura, Hatsune (official site) Oblivion Dust (official site) Olivia (official site) Ono, Lisa (official site) O-Zone (official site) Osawa, Shinichi (official site) Otsuka, Ai (official site)   =																																														
This is a list of artists currently or formerly signed under the Avex Group  and its sub-labels in Japan and in other Asian countries.																																														
Kajiwara, Gakuto (Avex Pictures) Kamiki, Aya (moved from GIZA Studio)(official site) kannivalism (official site) Katy Perry [Avex International] Kayō, Aiko Kato, Kazuki (moved to Pony Canyon and moved to Avex Trax again) (official site) Keiko (moved to Universal Music Group) Kei Nangon [Avex International] Kitano, Kii Kim Hyung Jun Kosaka, Riyu Koda, Kumi (official site) Komuro, Tetsuya Kishidan Kiyoharu (official site) Kogure, Demon [Avex Trax] (official site) *Japan* K ONE Kawamura, Ryuichi (official site) Kis-my-ft2 (official site) *Japan* Kim Ji-won Avex Entertainment Kolme Kuroyume   =																																														
Bothriechis supraciliaris, commonly known as the blotched palm-pit viper, is a species of venomous snake in the subfamily Crotalinae of the family Viperidae.																																														
It is  found in tropical rainforests of the Brazilian Amazon, Southeastern Colombia, northern Bolivia, Ecuador, east of Venezuela, Peru, Trinidad and Tobago, Guyana, Surinam, French Guiana.																																														
Found in southern China in the mountains of northern Yunnan at elevations of 3,600–4,000 m (11,800–13,100 ft) The type locality given is "Yao-Schan bei Lidjiang, NW-Yünnan, 3600 m." [Yaoshan, near Lijiang, northwestern Yunnan, China, 3,600 m (11,800 ft)].																																														
A review of the species complex published in 1998 was able to differentiate between specimens from the Mediterranean Sea and those from the Atlantic Ocean, and concluded that the Atlantic specimens were a separate species, accepted as M. brachydactyla Balss, 1922.																																														
Specimens of P. machadoi have been found partially buried in the belly of a specimen of Pseudoplatystoma where it apparently had burrowed through the body wall.																																														
The species was described by Arthur Gardiner Butler in 1876, and is found from north-eastern India and from south-western China to northern Vietnam.																																														
Hervier R.P. (1897), Descriptions d'espèces nouvelles provenant de l'Archipel de la Nouvelle Calédonie (suite); Journal de conchyliologie t.45 s.3 (1897) Gastropods.com: Eucyclotoma cymatodes MNHN, Paris: specimen Tucker, J.K. (2004).																																														
It is found in northeastern China, Japan (Honshu, Kyushu, Shikoku), Korea, and Russia (Amur Oblast, Khabarovsk Krai, Primorsky Krai).																																														
The scalation includes 19 (or 21) rows of dorsal scales at midbody, 154-164/150-172 ventral scales in males/females, 61-71/52-65 subcaudal scales in males/females, and 9-11 supralabial scales.																																														
It was often made from a man's felt fedora hat with the brim trimmed with a scalloped cut and turned up.																																														
The prototype instrument, HAT-1 was built from a 180 mm focal length and 65 mm aperture Nikon telephoto lens and a Kodak KAF-0401E chip of 512 × 768, 9 μm pixels.																																														
Some hats are worn for ceremonial purposes, such as the mortarboard, which is worn (or carried) during university graduation ceremonies.																																														
HAT-1 was developed during the undergraduate (and also the first year graduate) studies of Gáspár Bakos (Eötvös Loránd University, now at Princeton University) and at Konkoly Observatory (Budapest), under the supervision of  Dr. Géza Kovács.																																														
The 1988 England rugby union tour of Australia and Fiji was a series of nine matches played by the England national rugby union team in Australia and Fiji in May and June 1988.																																														
This article lists the confirmed squads lists for 2005 Men's EuroHockey Nations Championship from August 28 to September 4, 2005 at the complex of hockeyclub ATV Leipzig in Leipzig, Germany.																																														
Richard Bachtell Wes Barnett Bob Bednarski David Mark Berger Isaac Berger Jacquelynn Berube James Bradford (weightlifter) Casey Burgener Robin Byrd-Goad   =																																														
Thirteen were killed in the First World War (Palenski also includes Hopkin Maddock who died on 15 December 1921 from war wounds) Billy Geen (3 caps) Bryn Lewis (2 caps) Fred Perrett (5 caps) Lou Phillips (4 caps) Charlie Pritchard (14 caps) C. G. Taylor (9 caps) E.J. Thomas (4 caps) Horace Thomas (2 caps) Phil Waller (6 caps) David Watts (4 caps) Dai Westacott (1 cap) Johnnie L. Williams (17 caps) Richard Garnons Williams (1 cap)   =																																														
These rings are often given as engagement rings, but can be used for other purposes, such as eternity rings.																																														
With the marriage ceremony occurring in the evening of the fourth day the bride and bridegroom will have prior taken baths, known as nân.																																														
If there is satisfactory assurance, i.e., "any pledge giving a well-founded hope for the Christian upbringing of the children", then "the priest cannot refuse to celebrate the sacrament without delay, as in the case of children of Christian families".																																														
Their main responsibility is to witness the consent of the intended spouses for the wedding license and hence validate the marriage or civil union for legal purposes.																																														
Wilt thou then obediently keep God's holy will and commandments, and walk in the same all the days of thy life?																																														
Keynote speaker and author Dr. S.M. Davis developed a unique stand on this philosophy, and his materials have been popular with the homeschool culture since the early 1990s.																																														
In other denominations first communion ordinarily follows the reception of confirmation, which occurs at some point in adolescence or adulthood, while Eastern Orthodox and Oriental Orthodox Christians first receive the sacrament of Holy Communion in infancy, along with Holy Baptism and Chrismation.																																														
Mirax returned to his family and after much counsel and decided to publicly declare his return to the Christian faith.																																														
In January 2011, Saint Andrew  Press's sales, production, marketing and distribution operations were outsourced by the Church of Scotland to Hymns Ancient and Modern.																																														
Usually wedding chapels are for-profit venues to host weddings in resort areas to encourage hotel room stays, catering and gambling by the guests.																																														
Dr. Nissan Katzenelson (1862, Babruysk – 1925), was a Russian Jewish activist, member of the First State Duma of the Russian Empire in 1906-1907.																																														
A 2021 review indicated that replacing dietary palmitic acid and other saturated fatty acids with unsaturated fatty acids, such as oleic acid, could reduce several biomarkers of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases.																																														
For example the Group Palms Management is in charge of palm tree planting, growing, harvesting of palm fruits and the production of palm oil for export and local consumption.																																														
The decision  of accounting 174 billion barrels (28×10^9 m3) of the Alberta oil sands deposits as proven reserves was made by the Energy Resources Conservation Board (ERCB), now known as the Alberta Energy and Utilities Board (AEUB).																																														
Global strategic petroleum reserves (GSPR) refer to stockpiles of crude oil held by countries (and private industry) for national security during an energy crisis.																																														
Its main use is in cooking, where its high smoke point makes refined corn oil a valuable frying oil.																																														
In 2020 total worldwide oil consumption is expected to drop by 9% year over year compared to 2019 due to the COVID-19 pandemic according to the International Energy Agency (IEA).																																														
Most of the oil is in the Zakum field which is the third largest in the Middle East with an estimated 66 billion barrels (10.																																														
On February 19, 2008 the company announced that it has, through its newly established subsidiaries, Chongqing Gushan Bio-Sources Energy Co., Ltd and Hunan Gushan Bio-Sources Energy Co., Ltd, entered into agreements for the acquisition of land use rights to areas in Chongqing and Hunan, respectively, for the construction of biodiesel facilities in order to expand its production capacity.																																														
Lars Haltbrekken (born 9 March 1971) is a Norwegian environmentalist and was elected to the Parliament of Norway in 2017 for the Socialist Left Party (Norway).																																														
China's $1 billion oil drilling rig, the Haiyang Shiyou 981 – owned and operated by the China National Offshore Oil Corporation – in the South China Sea, Ocean Oil 981 – began its first drilling operations in 2012.																																														
The non-medical methods include hot/cold packs, Gua-Sha (scraping therapy), acupuncture and drinking specialized herbal teas whereas medical methods are proteolytic enzymes such as serrapeptase, protease, and subcutaneous oxytocin.																																														
Sometimes the first recipient can also be called the namesake; however, the correct and unambiguous term would be the eponym.																																														
Nipple shields are used in various situations:  Some mothers have small or inverted nipples which make it difficult for the baby to latch on.																																														
If it continues unchecked, the plugged duct can become a breast infection, at which point she may have a fever or flu-like symptoms.																																														
There is sometimes a negative connotation associated with the term, sometimes implying a mother who exerts unreasonable demands for the child's treatment, or puts undue pressure on the child, or who may take advantage of the child's income or notoriety for her own selfish purposes.																																														
Pasties, a nipple cover used (often for legal reasons) when the breast is otherwise exposed Breast petal, a nipple cover used under clothing for a smoother line   =																																														
In April 2006 founder Jill Youse searched for ways to donate breast milk and stumbled across an orphanage in Durban, South Africa, looking for donor milk to provide for their HIV positive infants.																																														
One example is that of the singer Hiram King Williams, known professionally as Hank Williams, and his son Randall Hank Williams, known professionally as Hank Williams Jr. Daughters being named after their mothers using similar suffixes is less common.																																														
The Jamaican Sportsman and Sportswoman of the Year is an annual election, organised by the RJR Sports Foundation, which honours outstanding achievement(s) in sport by Jamaican athletes during the previous year.																																														
A body stocking was used in a tableau vivant style short film The Birth of the Pearl (1901), which featured an unnamed long-haired young model wearing a flesh-coloured body stocking in a direct frontal pose and provided a provocative view of the female body.																																														
Ethiopia's participation in the Olympic s is organized by the Ethiopian Olympic Committee, founded in 1948 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee in 1954.																																														
One reason spandex and other tight fabrics may be fetishized is that the garment forms a "second skin", acting as a surrogate for the wearer's own skin.																																														
Designed to be revealed, but not to be too revealing, bodystockings may be worn as undergarments by performers such as belly dancers and exotic dancers.																																														
After a slowdown, it was resurrected as shaping underwear or lingerie, and in the 2010s it reappeared as a blouse bodysuit, cap sleeve style, and classic turtleneck bodysuit, as well as a part of evening wear.																																														
Athlete of the Year Laureus World Sports Award for Sportsman of the Year (Laureus World Sports Academy) Laureus World Sports Award for Sportswoman of the Year L'Équipe Champion of Champions Award   =																																														
Ethiopia first participated at the Olympic Games in 1956, and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then, except for the 1976, 1984 and 1988 Games.																																														
The rhombus is defined by the following vertices: Dimples of Venus, the top of the gluteal crease and the lower end of the crease over the spine.																																														
In complex analysis, the (open) right half-plane is the set of all points in the complex plane whose real part is strictly positive, that is, the set                         {         z         ∈                    C                           :                                          Re                             (         z         )         >         0         }                 {\textstyle \{z\in \mathbb {C} \,:\,{\mbox{Re}}(z)>0\}}   .																																														
A plane symmetry is a symmetry of a pattern in the Euclidean plane: that is, a transformation of the plane that carries any directioned lines to lines and preserves many different distances.																																														
Fix the reference object and rotate the other around the origin, until you find an optimum angle of rotation                         θ                                   {\displaystyle \theta \,\!																																														
horseshoe (disambiguation) Hourglass shape or hourglass figure, the one that resembles an hourglass; nearly symmetric shape wide at its ends and narrow in the middle; some flat shapes may be alternatively compared to the figure eight or hourglass Dog bone shape, an hourglass with rounded ends Hourglass corset Ntama Hourglass Nebula Inverted bell Lens or Vesica shape (the latter taking its name from the shape of the lentil seed); see also mandorla, almond-shaped Lune, from the Latin word for the Moon Maltese Cross curve Mandorla, almond-shaped (Italian for "almond"), often used as a frame in mediaeval Christian iconography.																																														
This allows a x, y, z coordinate system of the surface to be generated from a single image which has been overlaid with the distortion pattern.																																														
Geometric shapes are precise edged and mathematically consistent curves, they are pure forms and so consist of circles, squares, spirals, triangles, while geometric forms are simple volumes, such as cubes, cylinders, and pyramids.																																														
Every dilation of a Euclidean space that is not a congruence has a unique fixed point that is called the center of dilation.																																														
Let the direction of the reference line L be given by the vector (a, b, c), with c≠0 (that is, L is not parallel to P).																																														
Relegated to Division II 2008 – 32nd place (2nd in Division II, Group B) 2009 – 34th place (3rd in Division II, Group A) 2010 – 38th place (5th in Division II, Group B) 2011 – 36th place (4th in Division II, Group B) 2012 – 36th place (2nd in Division II, Group B) 2013 – 38th place (4th in Division II, Group B) 2014 – 38th place (4th in Division II, Group B) 2015 – 35th place (1st in Division II, Group B) Promoted to Division II, Group A 2016 – 34th place (6th in Division II, Group A) Relegated to Division II, Group B 2017 – 35th place (1st in Division II, Group B) Promoted to Division II, Group A 2018 – 32nd place (4th in Division II, Group A) 2019 – 33rd place (5th in Division II, Group A) 2020 – Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic 2021 – Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic 2022 – 27th place (1st in Division II, Group A) Promoted to Division I, Group B   =																																														
30 July – 3 August 2008 European Junior Swimming Championships in Belgrade, Serbia 1–7 December: 2008 African Swimming Championships in Johannesburg, South Africa 11–14 December: European Short Course Swimming Championships 2008 in Rijeka, Croatia   =																																														
In June 2012 Sport England gave Hilsea lido Pool for the people a £50,000 grant towards the cost of restoring the pool.																																														
A number of schemes have been proposed during the subsequent years to upgrade the lido and potentially give it a roof, but they have failed to gain funding.																																														
The men's 200 metre breaststroke was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1936 Summer Olympics programme.																																														
Cardiff International Pool is an Olympic-sized swimming pool built as a public-private funded project; with a partnership between Cardiff Council (land owner), OLLC which is a partnership between Orion Land & Leisure and Explore Investments (developers) and Parkwood Leisure (operator).																																														
Over 1,000,000 people annually visit CISAC and over 7,000 call it home to their health and fitness, swimming and learn to swim membership.																																														
The men's 100 metre backstroke event at the 1960 Olympic Games took place between August 30 and 31.																																														
CRCE facilities include: Aquatic Center with temperature controlled leisure pool (for water exercise, jogging, and rehab/therapy), waterslide, zero-depth entry, bubble benches, waterfall and 12-person spa Deck space Locker rooms 3-court gymnasium MAC (Multi-Activity Court) gym with dasher boards for indoor soccer, volleyball, basketball and more 2 Multipurpose rooms 10,000 sq ft (930 m2) fitness area with cardio, selectorized and free weight equipment 3 racquetball courts (one adjustable for squash play) 3-lane indoor track   =																																														
Concerned about the operating expenses of the then current aquatics facilities and pools, Rollins believed the county government could build a water park that would become a self-sustaining endeavor covering its operating expenses.																																														
The facility contains an indoor training pool, constructed in 1969, which previously served as the competition pool, and an outdoor pool, completed in 2007 at a cost of approximately $2 million.																																														
Back Stage (versi teater) (2009) Boku wa, Kimi no tame ni koso Shi ni niiku (2009) Sengoku Basara (versi teater) (2009) - Sanada Yukimura Musikal Nintama Rantaro (2010) - Tomesaburo Kema   =																																														
Labour had now been in government for six years and still had a triple-digit majority, and over the summer of 2003 some opinion polls showed the Tories level with Labour.																																														
However, unlike most other Cyrillic-based languages, some of the articles are in Latin script; accordingly, the language name appears in the language sidebar in both scripts.																																														
The African Volleyball Championship U21 is a sport competition for national teams with players under 21 years, currently held biannually and organized by the African Volleyball Confederation, the Africa volleyball federation.																																														
These were the last elections to the district councils of Langbaurgh-on-Tees, Middlesbrough, Stockton-on-Tees and Woodspring before they were made unitary authorities by the Local Government Commission for England (1992).																																														
The Labour party lost a considerable 833 seats, losing control of councils such as Birmingham and Coventry, both of which the party had controlled for 20 years.																																														
These were the first elections to be contested by Labour under the leadership of Michael Foot, who had succeeded James Callaghan in late 1980.																																														
The African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship is the most important men's competition for volleyball clubs in Africa organised by the African Volleyball Confederation.																																														
The Earth and Sky (1997) (collection of short stories) Trutor and the Balloonist (1997) (novel) Captivity (2008) (novel)   =																																														
Onuma received his degree in English literature from Waseda University in 1942, and in 1958 became a Waseda professor in the Faculty of Letters.																																														
The U-15 European Baseball Championship, formerly the European Youth Baseball Championship or European Baseball Championship Cadets, is an international baseball tournament sanctioned and created by the Confederation of European Baseball (CEB).																																														
Since many members are sworn in on the same day, subsequent ranking is based on previous congressional service of the individual and then by alphabetical order by the last name of the congressman.																																														
However, as the document was signed before Shui-bian Chen became the President, the efficacy of the document has been contested.																																														
The end terms in a categorical syllogism are the major term and the minor term (not the middle term).																																														
The group formed Cheroenhaka (Nottoway) Indian Tribal Heritage Foundation, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization in 2005, with the mission to "Educational, charitable and religious.																																														
From 1713, they were gathered at a variety of missions with other nations, and rapidly lost their traditional culture to the point that a realistic census count is no longer possible.																																														
Indigenous Aryanism propagates the idea that the Indo-Aryans were indigenous to the Indian subcontinent, and that the Indo-European languages spread from there to central Asia and Europe.																																														
Since many members are sworn in on the same day, subsequent ranking is based on previous congressional service of the individual and then by alphabetical order by the last name of the representative.																																														
The Chinook Indian Nation of Oregon and Washington is a group of Chinookan people who were briefly recognized by the U.S. Government in 2001, but this recognition was reversed in 2002.																																														
The Adai were among the first peoples in North America to experience European contact and were profoundly affected.																																														
The Lhtako Nation speaks the language of Dakelh and resides in the region of Cariboo under Chief Clifford Lebrun.																																														
The stadium is also used by A.S. Roma Women for Serie A games and A.S. Roma Primavera for the UEFA Youth League games.																																														
The house was built in 1791 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 29, 1973.																																														
The Metropolitan Opera House was a historic opera house located in Saint Paul, Minnesota located at 100 East Sixth Street.																																														
Romans devoted as large a space to the peristyle as site constraints permitted; in the grandest development of the urban peristyle house, as it evolved in Roman North Africa, often even one range of the portico was eliminated for a larger open space.																																														
Planning can refer to the planned use of any and all resources, as in the succession of Five-Year Plans through which the government of the Soviet Union sought to develop the country.																																														
Maisoncelles-en-Gâtinais (French: [mɛzɔ̃sɛl ɑ̃ ɡɑtinɛ] (listen); literally "Small Houses in Gâtinais") is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.																																														
Many of these houses have been turned into guest houses, especially in cities likes Marrakesh, Essaouira, Fez and Tangier.																																														
These include a number of buildings in Ponce that are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places: Albergue Caritativo Tricoche Antiguo Cuartel Militar Español de Ponce Antiguo Hospital Militar Español de Ponce Casa Alcaldía de Ponce-City HallManuel V. Domenech, an architect from Isabela, Puerto Rico, was one of the architects who designed in this style, having designed, among others, the Puerto Rico Courthouse for the Ponce judicial district.																																														
The frame farmhouse was built about 1814 in the Federal style and enlarged and altered about 1860.																																														
In San Francisco, the floor plans of "marina style" houses often include a central patio, a miniature version of an open courtyard, sometimes covered with glass or a translucent material.																																														
He was born in Carona, in what today is the Swiss canton of Ticino, and was the father of the architect Giovanni Solari.																																														
The Shanghai University of Technology (上海工业大学), the Shanghai University of Science and Technology (上海科学技术大学), Shanghai University, and the Shanghai Institute of Science and Technology (上海科技高等专科学校) merged to establish the current Shanghai University in May 1994.																																														
In 1983–1990 he was the Dean of the Institute of Technology, in 2003-2006 he was the Head of the Department of Mechanical Engineering, and in 2007 he was the Head of the Department of Management and Engineering.																																														
The school is located near the vicinity of the Karachi Nuclear Power Complex (KANUPP-II) near at Paradise Point in Karachi, Pakistan.																																														
Zhejiang University of Science and Technology (ZUST; simplified Chinese: 浙江科技学院; traditional Chinese: 浙江科技學院; pinyin: Zhèjiāng kējì xuéyuàn) is a public university located in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, China.																																														
Vannevar Bush 1931-1938 Edward Leyburn Moreland 1938-1946 Thomas Kilgore Sherwood 1946-1952 Edward Lull Cochrane 1952-1954 Carl Richard Söderberg 1954-1959 Gordon Stanley Brown 1959-1968 Raymond Lewis Bisplinghoff 1968-1971 Alfred H. Keil 1971-1977 James D. Bruce 1977-1978 (Acting Dean) Robert Seamans 1978-1981 Gerald L. Wilson 1981-1991 Joel Moses 1991-1995 Robert A. Brown 1996-1999 Thomas L. Magnanti 1999-2007 Subra Suresh 2007-2009 Cynthia Barnhart 2009–2011 (Acting Dean)   =																																														
Johann Gottlieb Christian Nörremberg (11 August 1787, in Pustenbach – 20 July 1862) was a German physicist who worked on the polarization of light.																																														
It is affiliated to Anna University, Chennai, which is the top 5th university of India and approved by All India Council for Technical Education.																																														
Hu was in charge of the general system and structure design both for the Dong Fang Hong I and Dong Fang Hong II satellites in their early development phases.																																														
Design patent Deutsches Patent- und Markenamt (German Patent and Trade Mark Office) EU Directive on the legal protection of designs Gebrauchsmuster (German utility model) Trade dress   =																																														
degree in 1971 at the Norwegian Institute of Technology, and was a professor at the University of Trondheim from 1977, later the Norwegian University of Science and Technology.																																														
Processor design process involves choosing an instruction set and a certain execution paradigm (e.g. VLIW or RISC) and results in a microarchitecture, which might be described in e.g. VHDL or Verilog.																																														
The Confédération générale des petites et moyennes entreprise states that the day "will create inequalities between administrations, big companies on one side, and SME/VSB on the other side.																																														
The Bush Presidency argued that Guantanamo detainees who have been repatriated from Guantanamo should have their cases dismissed as moot.																																														
There are some exceptions: (i) if the employee is unfit to work, or (ii) if the employee fails to comply with the Workers Compensation Act.																																														
Employees who give adequate two weeks' notice before retirement or resignation may be paid for all unused, accrued PTO.																																														
In January 2014, 16 days after taking office, Mayor Bill de Blasio put forward paid sick leave legislation to expand this right to more New Yorkers, including 200,000 of whom did not have any paid sick days.																																														
Article 99 of the Labor Code of the Philippines stipulates that an employer may go over but never below minimum wage.																																														
The Danube flows through—or forms a part of the borders of—ten countries: Germany, Austria, Slovakia, Hungary, Croatia, Serbia, Bulgaria, Romania, Moldova, and Ukraine; in addition, the drainage basin includes parts of nine more countries: Poland, Switzerland, Italy, Czech Republic, Slovenia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia and Albania.																																														
Supplemental Security Income (SSI) provides benefits to low-income individuals who are disabled and unable to work, regardless of whether they have worked in the past.																																														
Darlene Grant is a former associate professor in the School of Social work and an associate dean of graduate studies at the University of Texas at Austin.																																														
In the United States, this provision, as well as the minimum wage, was first instituted by the Fair Labor Standards Act.																																														
In European Union member states, there exists a standard set of minimum landing sizes (MLS) for all major species of finfish and shellfish.																																														
Augustine: " Peter then presumed on the Lord, he tottered as man, but returned to the Lord, as it follows, And when he began to sink, he cried out, saying, Lord, save me.																																														
With the main witness recanting, the law of the time called for a new trial for Jesus and for one of Judas for presenting false evidence.																																														
Matthew 7:29 is the twenty-ninth (and the last) verse in the seventh chapter of the Gospel of Matthew in the New Testament.																																														
, 1894; Die Halachistische und Responsen Literatur, die Literatur der Darshanim, Sittenlehrer, und Apologeten, in Winter and Wünsche, Jüdische Literatur, vols.																																														
In the United Kingdom, there are Exodus projects in London and the south east of England, funded by the European Social Fund.																																														
Rabbi Chaim Flom (July 6, 1951 - May 19, 2008) was a rabbi, scholar and Rosh Yeshiva of Yeshivat Ohr David in Jerusalem, Israel.																																														
Bratoszewice level crossing collision, 30 July 2012, 9 killed 1983 Łódź gas explosion, 7 December 1983, 8 killed 2017 Świebodzice tenement collapse, 8 April 2017, 6 killed 2008 Poland tornado outbreak, 15-16 August 2008, 4 killed 2020 Warsaw bus crash 25 June 2020, 1 killed   =																																														
Goldman was the son of the previous Zviller Rebbe, Rabbi Mordchai Goldman, and a son-in-law of the late Sanz-Klausenburger Rebbe, Rabbi Yekusiel Yehudah Halberstam.																																														
In Proverbs 9:16, the idea that stolen things are sweet and the bread (food) eaten in secret is pleasant is rebuked as foolish.																																														
Following the battle of Miyajima, the Mōri clan gained all the Ōuchi lands, and replaced them as one of the most powerful families in the country.																																														
The book of 1 Corinthians asserts that thieves, swindlers, and the greedy will be excluded from the kingdom of God as sure as adulterers, idolaters, and the sexual immoral, but that those who leave these sins behind can be sanctified and justified in the name of the Lord Jesus (1 Corinthians 6:9-11).																																														
They also argued that Chinese ritual bronze vessels depicting trunks with two "fingers" must be Palaeoloxodon (which are only known from bones; their trunk characteristics are unknown) because Asian elephants only have one.																																														
Mammuthus jeffersonii) Species †Mammuthus exilis (Pygmy mammoth) Species †Mammuthus imperator (American mammoth) Species †Mammuthus lamarmorae (Sardinian Dwarf mammoth) Species †Mammuthus meridionalis (Southern mammoth) Species †Mammuthus primigenius (Woolly mammoth) Species †Mammuthus subplanifrons (South African mammoth) Species †Mammuthus armeniacus (jr synonym =																																														
Mammuthus subplanifrons, the South African Mammoth, is the oldest representative of the genus Mammuthus, appearing around 5 million years ago during the early Pliocene in what is today South Africa and countries of East Africa, especially Ethiopia.																																														
Temple elephants are usually wild animals, poached from the forests of North East India from wild herds at a young age and then sold into captivity to temples.																																														
It lived during the Lochkovian period in Lower Devonian East Asia (in today southeastern China and northern Vietnam).																																														
The appearance of P. mnaidriensis marks a faunal turnover where the depauperate endemic fauna that characterised Sicily during the Early and early-mid Middle Pleistocene was replaced by the continental fauna of mainland Italy, including large predators like lions (Panthera spelaea), cave hyenas (Crocuta crocuta spelea) and wolves, and large herbivores including red deer, fallow deer, steppe bison and aurochs which coexisted with P. mnaidriensis.																																														
Brachycrus had jaws which were short, and because the nostrils were placed far to the back, the creature is presumed to have had a tapir-like proboscis.																																														
Bothriodon is an extinct genus of anthracotheriid artiodactyl from the late Eocene to early Oligocene of Asia, Europe, and North America.																																														
Isensua Vodka Isensua Opium Isensua VX Concord Grape and Passion Fruit (PPS) Isensua VX White Cranberry and Lychee (PPS) Isensua VX Dragon Fruit and Guava (PPS)   =																																														
The drink was tested on the American market in 2009 but failed to find broad appeal although as of 2010 it was still produced in limited quantities.																																														
It is available in about 70 countries, but it is most widely known in the West Indies, where over time it has attained the status of a cultural symbol.																																														
However, according to the Plimoth Plantation Food Historian, this is not true 17th century ciderkin; Plimoth uses the term to differentiate between modern pasteurized sweet cider, which is served to guests, and period hard cider.																																														
Loose leaf tea is called ipcha (잎차) or yeopcha (엽차; 葉茶), while powdered tea is called garu-cha (가루차) or malcha (말차; 末茶).																																														
7% ABV) Brewed in the Abbey Tripel style, this dark gold ale is made with Pilsner, wheat, caramel and Vienna malts, light candi sugar and vanilla, and hopped with Fuggles, Challenger and East Kent Goldings to 33 IBU.																																														
Steamed tea leaves are kept pressed into sealed bamboo baskets until the anaerobic fermentation produces a compact cake with the desired flavor.																																														
Slight adjustments are often made based on the flavor and alcohol content of the wine, followed by sterilization and then the beverage is dispensed into glass bottles, which are closed with crown corks.																																														
In 2015 Svalbard Bryggeri filled their fermentors and subsequently are the northernmost brewery in the world at 78 degrees North.																																														
It is believed that the company's downfall came about because people were not returning the bottles, thus making it necessary to constantly buy new ones and cut into the profit margin.																																														
While still made in Sweden by combining ingredients, since the later part of the 19th century it is frequently purchased as a bottled liqueur under various brand names.																																														
On my honor, I promise that I will do my best:  To do my duty to God and the country, To help other people at all times and To obey the Scout Law.																																														
calligraphi) was an ancient copyist or scrivener, who transcribed correctly and in its entirety what the notaries had taken down in notes, or minutes—duties similar to the modern work of engrossing.																																														
It is a religious congregation of priests and brothers dedicated to serving humanity while testifying to a great love present in the sacred hearts of Jesus and Mary.																																														
After spending the years 1972 to 1977 as chief of police in Sør-Varanger, he served as Governor of Svalbard from 1978 to 1982 and chief of police in Hamar from 1982 to 1998—except for the years 1991 to 1993, when he was acting director of the Norwegian Police Surveillance Agency.																																														
In the sequel it is his own daughter who so meets him, and he sacrifices her after a respite of two months, granted so she could 'bewail her virginity upon the mountains.																																														
The Act required all office-holders, Members of Parliament and clergy to take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy for the new monarchs, William III and Mary II.																																														
The sisters known as "extern sisters" do not take this vow in order to be able to handle some of the community's needs outside the papal enclosure.																																														
Legal reforms from the 18th century onwards mean that everyone in the United Kingdom now has the right to make a solemn affirmation instead of an oath.																																														
The United States Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure defines a witness statement as: "(1) a written statement that the witness makes and signs, or otherwise adopts or approves; (2) a substantially verbatim, contemporaneously recorded recital of the witness's oral statement that is contained in any recording or any transcription of a recording; or (3) the witness's statement to a grand jury, however taken or recorded, or a transcription of such a statement".																																														
Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture - Journeycake, Charles The Indian Chief, Journeycake, By S. H. Mitchell, The Internet Archive Both Banks of the River, by Argye M. Briggs is a fictionalized biography of Chief Journeycake.																																														
The individual then concludes with a brief statement: "I cancel from this time onward all vows and all oaths .																																														
The 15th century Hatha Yoga Pradipika called it a synonym of Siddhasana, where one of the heels presses the root of the penis; according to Yoga-Mimamsa III.																																														
Thus, in a file of eight men, the protostates were the men in positions 1, 3, 5 and 7, while the epistates occupied positions 2, 4, 6 and 8.																																														
The name comes from the Sanskrit words tula (तुला) meaning "balance", and asana (आसन, āsana) meaning "posture" or "seat".																																														
The asana is a squat with heels flat on the floor and hip-width apart (or slightly wider if necessary), toes pointing out on a diagonal.																																														
The name Baddha Konasana is relatively recent, but the pose is medieval, as the meditation seat Bhadrasana (from भद्रा Bhadra, "throne") is described in the 15th century Haṭha Yoga Pradīpikā 1.																																														
The modern kneeling pose is found in 20th century texts such as B.K.S. Iyengar's Light on Yoga; it is mentioned also in Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga texts (e.g. Maehle 2011, who recommends it for lengthening the quadriceps muscle).																																														
With individuals who have OSA, many health care providers encourage their patients to avoid the supine position while asleep and sleep laterally or sleep with the head of their bed up in a 30- or 45-degree angle.																																														
There are versions of the "cowgirl" sex position where a woman is squatting over a man, who is lying on his back, instead of kneeling over him.																																														
Virasana places the knees at risk of injury if hip extension and rotation are inadequate, in which case the pose requires support under the buttocks to allow the hips to extend.																																														
While stretching up with the rear leg and out with the front hand so that only the fingertips remain on the ground, the hand on the hip can gradually reach up towards the ceiling.																																														
For example, the name Muktasana is now given to a variant of Siddhasana with one foot in front of the other, but has also been used for Siddhasana and other cross-legged meditation poses.																																														
The 1930 Georgia Bulldogs football team represented the Georgia Bulldogs of the University of Georgia during the 1930 college football season.																																														
The Women's 4x100m Freestyle Relay event at the 2003 Pan American Games took place on August 14, 2003 (Day 13 of the Games).																																														
Senators representing Ebonyi State in the 6th Assembly were: Representatives in the 6th Assembly were: The 8th National Assembly (2015 till 2019)  Senators representing Ebonyi State in the 9th Assembly are:[3]  The 9th National Assembly (2019 till date)  Senators representing Ebonyi State in the 9th Assembly are:[3]   =																																														
Derek Schiavone (born May 9, 1985 in Fort Erie, Ontario) is a professional Canadian football kicker and punter who is currently a free agent.																																														
The method consists of, from a graph representation of a structural system, representing the structure's fixed vertices as a single, fixed starting point and from there sequentially adding the neighbouring vertices' relative displacements due to strain.																																														
Austrian films to 1919 List of Austrian films of the 1920s List of Austrian films of the 1930s List of Austrian films of the 1940s List of Austrian films of the 1950s List of Austrian films of the 1960s List of Austrian films of the 1970s List of Austrian films of the 1980s List of Austrian films of the 1990s List of Austrian films of the 2000s List of Austrian films of the 2010s List of Austrian films of the 2020s   =																																														
1997–98: not played 1998–99: M.I. Roc Masters defeated Helenites 1999–00: UWS Upsetters 5–1 Helenites 2000–01: not played 2001–02: Haitian Stars 1–0 UWS Upsetters 2002–03: not played 2003–04: not played 2004–05: Positive Vibes 2–0 Helenites 2005–06: New Vibes 4–2 Positive Vibes 2006–07: Helenites 1–0 Positive Vibes 2007–08: Positive Vibes – New Vibes 2008–09: New Vibes 1–0 Positive Vibes 2009–10: not played 2010–11: not played 2011–12: Helenites 3–3 (5–4 pens) New Vibes 2012–13: New Vibes 0–0 (aet, 4–3 pens) Positive Vibes 2013–14: Helenites 3–1 (agg.																																														
200 (1988) 3-45] John H. Conway, Heidi Burgiel, Chaim Goodman-Strass, The Symmetries of Things 2008, ISBN 978-1-56881-220-5 (Chapter 26.																																														
FCM Flyeralarm Traiskirchen are an Austrian football club, formed in 2022 after a merger between SK Schwadorf and FC Admira Wacker Mödling Amateure, the reserve team of FC Admira Wacker Mödling, and FCM Traiskirchen.																																														
The same change method uses the fact that adding or subtracting the same number from the minuend and subtrahend does not change the answer.																																														
The Hungary national beach soccer team represents Hungary in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the Magyar Labdarúgó Szövetség, the governing body for football in Hungary.																																														
For the Moment is a song by the Japanese J-pop group Every Little Thing, released as their fourth single on June 4, 1997.																																														
Top-down analysis is the method of calculating the reactive moments and forces at each joint starting at the hand, all the way till the ankle and foot.																																														
The month began with a mild spell in the eastern states, but by the nineteenth a large blizzard-like storm covered the eastern half of the country, and would cause two deaths in New Jersey and two in the Catskill Mountains.																																														
It flows out of lake Ilchir which is situated 50 km away from the highest peak of the Eastern Sayan Mountains, Munku-Sardyk.																																														
1 °F) in Bawtry; this remains the hottest September temperature of any day in the UK and the eighth-hottest day overall in the 20th century.																																														
Kildare GAA: A Centenary History, by Eoghan Corry, CLG Chill Dara, 1984, ISBN 0-9509370-0-2 hb ISBN 0-9509370-1-0 pb Kildare GAA yearbook, 1972, 1974, 1978, 1979, 1980 and 2000- in sequence especially the Millennium yearbook of 2000 Soaring Sliothars: Centenary of Kildare Camogie 1904-2004 by Joan O'Flynn Kildare County Camogie Board.																																														
The Florida Highway Patrol closed Interstate 10 from Tallahassee to Madison for most of the morning of January 3 as well as several bridges in North-Central Florida that had accumulated a dangerous amount of ice.																																														
The 1985 North America cold wave was a meteorological event which occurred in January, 1985, as a result of the shifting of the polar vortex farther south than is normally seen.																																														
The snowstorms were responsible for the greatest December snowfall in Portland, Oregon in 40 years (the snowiest December in Portland was 1884, with more than 31 inches (79 cm) of snow).																																														
Moorland fires were common during the height of the heat wave, occurring in North Yorkshire and the Peak District.																																														
It also holds the record of having the highest snow depth ever recorded at a JMA certified weather station of 566 cm (18.																																														
In spite of the cool summer days, Landsort has never reported September frost, a very unusual occurrence for Swedish weather stations.																																														
Over the next two days the snow continued to fall, leading to additional snowfall of one to two feet (30 cm to 60 cm).																																														
The mine was visited in the early 1950s by the US author John Gunther who describes it in his book Inside Africa.																																														
For comparison, the North Antelope Rochelle Mine, the largest coal mine in the world, produces some 100 megatonnes (98,000,000 long tons; 110,000,000 short tons) of coal per year at a heating value of 8,800 British thermal units per pound (3,800 kJ/kg) for an overall heat content of roughly 2.																																														
The Kalimashi 1 mine is one of the eight Albanian chromium mines to have reserves of over 1 million tonnes of chromium ore.																																														
Discovered in 1982 in the Kola peninsula of Northern Russia, it is named after Evgeny Evgenevich Zakharov (1902–1980), the director of the Moscow Institute of Geological Exploration.																																														
Gold production from Nevada was higher than any other U.S. state, 4,632,690 troy ounces (144,090 kg) in 2020 (a decrease of 4.																																														
The Ghelari mine was a large open pit, also an underground iron ore mine in the western of Romania in Hunedoara County, 20 km south-west of Hunedoara and 411 km north-west of the capital, Bucharest.																																														
The resistance of local inhabitants against uranium mining near Košice even led to Slovakia's biggest-ever environmental petition supported by Greenpeace, which has been signed by more than 113,000 people and 41 towns and cities all over the country.																																														
The Zofiówka coal mine is a large mine in the south of Poland in Jastrzębie-Zdrój, Silesian Voivodeship, 307 km south-west of the capital, Warsaw.																																														
Owned and operated by the Imerys Group, a French-based company, the mine is the oldest and most productive talc mine in the southern hemisphere, and the second-most productive talc mine in the world, with recent annual production of 240,000 tonnes.																																														
There is a huge difference in the market price of the ore and the royalty specified by the government as well as faulty measurement mechanisms of amount of ore extracted.																																														
In 1953 "intelligence prospecting and excellent preliminary explorations" by G. W. Burns and R. J. Steele discovered the Central Lake deposits (which later were developed into Bicroft Mine) and Arthur Shore (whose prospect became the Faraday Mine) led the way successful prospecting.																																														
Vaez Tabassi, Ali Khamenei and Syed Abdul Karim Hashemi Nejad were the core of clerics in Mashhad revolutionary activities revolving around the Holy shrine of Imam Reza they manage.																																														
In May 1955, King Saud created a renewed modern National Guard which was led by Saud's son Prince Khalid who replaced a commoner.																																														
The Popular Front for the Liberation of the Occupied Arabian Gulf (Arabic: الجبهة الشعبية لتحرير الخليج العربي المحتل, abbreviated PFLOAG), later renamed the Popular Front for the Liberation of Oman and the Arabian Gulf (Arabic: الجبهة الشعبية لتحرير عُمان والخليج العربي), was a Marxist and Arab nationalist revolutionary organisation active in an armed struggle against the Arab monarchies in the Arabian Peninsula.																																														
Yaqub al-Ghussein (Arabic: يعقوب الغصين, Ya‘qoub al Ghussein) (1899-1948) was a Palestinian landowner from Ramla and founder of the Youth Congress Party.																																														
Turki briefly collaborated with Mohammad bin Mishari bin Muammar, an Arab client of Muhammad Ali, who aspired to rule Najd himself.																																														
The forum was subjected to several hacking and denial of service attacks by Saudi extremists and the site was blocked and forced to shut down by the Saudi Interior Ministry on 11 May 2004.																																														
A failure to pay the troops resulted in him in losing the favor of the military, and eventually he had so few supporters that the pro-dervish aristocrat Khwaja Shams al-Din 'Ali was able to stage a coup and force him to abdicate in 1348.																																														
After the execution of his father in 1619, Reinier conspired with his brother Willem van Oldenbarnevelt and amongst others the Remonstrant preacher Hendrick Danielsz Slatius to assassinate stadtholder Maurice of Orange.																																														
Majali has also served as the CEO of Royal Jordanian airlines from 2002-2009, and was credited for transforming the airline into one of the most successful in the region.																																														
Upon the death of Siworawong's mother, he held a grand cremation ceremony over several days, attended by every government servant.																																														
The faction broke away from Hezb-e Islami Khalis (HiK) following the death of HiK's leader Mohammad Yunus Khalis and an ensuing power struggle between Mujahid and Haji Din Mohammad.																																														
According to the Suda he was the author of the following books: Commentary on the Sophisms of Diogenes (Greek: Ὑπόμνημα τῶν Διογένους σοφισμάτων) A treatise against Epicurus (Greek: Πρὸς Ἐπίκουρον)His date is unknown; he probably lived at some point between the 1st century BC and the 3rd century AD.																																														
In addition, many chin curtain beards do not extend far below the jawline, if at all, whereas chinstrap beards generally do.																																														
He was unsurpassed in his day in his knowledge of the Roman law, and possessed great acuteness of mind, but was not distinguished for other attainments.																																														
For practical purposes, those who comply with halacha as defined by Rabbinic Judaism refrain from the use of razors altogether.																																														
This was a considerable modification of the physical theory of the Stoics, who held that the universe periodically dissolved into fire.																																														
The style was worn by van Dyck himself and by many of the sitters for his portraits, including King Charles I of England.																																														
In the United States, handlebar moustaches were worn in the later part of the 19th century by Wild West figures like Wyatt Earp.																																														
Abiel is the given name of:  Abiel (biblical figure), two minor biblical figures Abiel Abbot (1770–1828), American clergyman Abiel Chandler (1777–1851), American merchant Abiel Foster (1735–1806), American clergyman and politician Abiel Holmes (1763–1837), American clergyman and historian Abiel Leonard (1848–1903), American Anglican bishop Abiel Abbot Low (1811–1893), American entrepreneur, businessman, trader and philanthropist Abiel Wood (1772–1834), American politician   =																																														
Some pundits even claimed that public disapproval of Dewey's mustache may have contributed to his two electoral defeats.																																														
This facial hair style is popular among followers of certain sects of Islam, as they believe it is how the Islamic prophet Muhammad wore his beard, citing the relevant hadith compiled by Muhammad al-Bukhari, "Cut the mustaches short and leave the beard".																																														
According to the 1910 Catholic Encyclopedia, it was situated on the Oued-Magra which still bears its name, near the Djebel Magra, in the plain of Bou Megueur, south-west of Sétif (in Algeria).																																														
A criminal accusation may be informally made through a declaration made to the public at large (generally through news media) or by the filing of a formal accusation in a court of law by a person legally entitled to do so, generally on behalf of the state by a criminal prosecutor.																																														
In the context of an air flow relative to a flying body, the lift force is the component of the aerodynamic force that is perpendicular to the flow direction.																																														
This aircraft has nearly 4,000 take-offs and more than 1,000 flying hours under its belt, appearing at numerous national and international competitions, flown by pilots from different countries, in Germany, Hungary, Austria, Switzerland, France, Turkey, Belgium and the Netherlands, with only about 5% of flights in the log book from the Akaflieg München home base at Königsdorf.																																														
Founder squadrons that have reformed after being disbanded do not retain the F status, such as XIX (19) Crawley .																																														
The CVVC Glider Club operates at Saint-Dominique Airport, glider and soaring flight operations normally span from April to November.																																														
They are used in situations where aileron action would produce excessive wing twist on a very flexible wing or if wide-span flaps prevent adequate aileron roll control.																																														
The Wright Brothers' early aircraft were of the canard type; Mignet Pou-du-Ciel and Rutan Quickie are of tandem type.																																														
07 Sweep: 15 degrees Washout: 4 1/2degrees weight lb: 55 Pilot weight max lb: 200 Design "G" load: 4 Ultimate "G" load: 6 Folded size: 16"x41"x16'   =																																														
If ailerons are used in slow flight, there is a possibility that the high wing will stall due to the increased angle of attack, sending the aircraft into a spin.																																														
The wing warping of the Avro Triplane proved surprisingly successful, whereas on the reproduction Antoinette, with its very flexible wing, wing warping offered little effective lateral control.																																														
On being launched from between 10,000 ft and 35,000 ft from either a fixed-wing aircraft or a helicopter Skyboard's front and rear wings, and tail plane are electronically deployed.																																														
The axinite group includes:  Axinite-(Fe) or ferroaxinite, Ca2Fe2+Al2BOSi4O15(OH) iron rich, clove-brown, brown, plum-blue, pearl-gray Axinite-(Mg) or magnesioaxinite, Ca2MgAl2BOSi4O15(OH) magnesium rich, pale blue to pale violet; light brown to light pink Axinite-(Mn) or manganaxinite, Ca2Mn2+Al2BOSi4O15(OH) manganese rich, honey-yellow, clove-brown, brown to blue Tinzenite, (CaFe2+Mn2+)3Al2BOSi4O15(OH) iron – manganese intermediate, yellow, brownish yellow-greenAxinite is sometimes used as a gemstone.																																														
This is also true of Southern Cone of South America (Chile, Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay, central-southern Brazil), Colombia, Andean Region of Venezuela, Costa Rican Central Valley and Puerto Rico.																																														
The original usage of the name is derived from the Italian city and may also refer to the burnt orange color of its clay rooftops.																																														
Sageretia hamosa is a shrub with grey-brown or dark brown branchlets studded with hook-like thorns  It can be found in China provinces Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, Sichuan, SE Xizang (Chayu), S Yunnan (Mengla), Zhejiang; and in India, Nepal, Philippines, Sri Lanka and Vietnam.																																														
It has a wingspan of 35–41 mm, a chocolate brown head, antennae with short cilia, the thorax and abdomen are dark reddish brown or greyish brown.																																														
The male of this species has a wingspan of 18 mm, head and front are clear brown, palpi beige, fine and turned downwards.																																														
During the Renaissance, it was noted  by the most widely read author about painting techniques, Giorgio Vasari, under the name terra rossa.																																														
Anticipating a lifetime of regret, Shakespeare's character Biron says in Love's Labour's Lost, Act V, Scene 1: "Henceforth my wooing mind shall be express'd / In russet yeas and honest kersey noes".																																														
It was commonly used in the late nineteenth century (for book illustration), and through the 1970s and 1980s, and was in turn rapidly rendered obsolete by modern systems which employ a raster image processor to render an entire page to a single high-resolution digital image which is then photoset.																																														
No true fossils are known, although there are some specimens in Colombian copal, of unknown (but likely relatively recent) age.																																														
While they spend the day deep inside their burrows, at night they wait just below the door for insects, woodlice, and similar invertebrates that stumble over one of the seven silken threads that radiate from the entrance.																																														
Batrachosuchus is a genus of temnospondyl amphibian that existed from the Early to Middle Triassic of Southern Africa (Ntawere Formation of Zambia and Burgersdorp Formation of South Africa) and the Blina Shale of Australia.																																														
The family is one of two families contained in the superfamily Carcinosomatoidea (along with Carcinosomatidae), which in turn is one of the superfamilies classified as part of the suborder Eurypterina.																																														
Peasants in the southern Carpathian Mountains used to cut up tubes built by Atypus and cover wounds with the inner lining.																																														
This results from the male's behavior of wandering about in search of mates, while females, which reside in tubes, are rarely found.																																														
The eggs are positioned securely in a web shaped like a hammock, which remains in her burrow, and guarded by her.																																														
Cyriocosmus elegans is a spider species in the genus Cyriocosmus and the family Theraphosidae (tarantulas) found in Venezuela, Trinidad and Tobago.																																														
L. tarantula will rarely bite, unless continually provoked, and its venom is not particularly toxic to human beings, and is no more painful than the sting of a bee.																																														
It is found only in or immediately adjacent to caves in Greenbrier and Pocahontas counties, and is included on the IUCN Red List as a Near Threatened species.																																														
It is classified within the Parastylonuridae family and contains three species, P. hendersoni and P. ornatus from the Silurian of Scotland and P. sigmoidalis from the Silurian of England.																																														
L. tarantula is a large species found in southern Europe, especially in the Apulia region of Italy and near the city of Taranto, from which it gets its name.																																														
The equal-armed cross, also referred to as the square cross, the balanced cross, and the peaceful cross, is a name for the Greek cross when this is found in ancient cultures, predating Christianity.																																														
Znaniecki coined the term in Polish in his Wstęp do socjologii (Introduction to Sociology, 1922) and translated it into English as  "humanistic coefficient" in his book, The Object-Matter of Sociology (1927).																																														
Referring to a joint paper with Samuel Eilenberg that introduced the notion of a "category" in 1942, Saunders Mac Lane wrote the subject was 'then called "general abstract nonsense"'.																																														
The journal is abstracted and indexed by: CAB Abstracts Chemical Abstracts Service/CASSI Science Citation Index Current Contents/Physical, Chemical & Earth Sciences GeoRefAccording to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 16.																																														
In anthropology, Verstehen has come to mean a systematic interpretive process in which an outside observer of a culture attempts to relate to it and understand others.																																														
These latter features distinguish his idea of an overlapping consensus from a mere modus vivendi, which is a strategic agreement entered into for pragmatic purposes, and therefore potentially unprincipled and unstable.																																														
Therefore, when literary criticism is concerned with the determination of a "text", it is concerned with the distinguishing of the original information content from whatever has been added to or subtracted from that content as it appears in a given textual document (that is, a physical representation of text).																																														
It developed from the two interdisciplinary fields of archaeoastronomy, the study of the use of astronomy and its role in ancient cultures and civilizations, and ethnoastronomy, "a closely allied research field which merges astronomy, textual scholarship, ethnology, and the interpretation of ancient iconography for the purpose of reconstructing lifeways, astronomical techniques, and rituals".																																														
An amorphism, in chemistry, crystallography and, by extension, to other areas of the natural sciences is a substance or feature that lacks an ordered form.																																														
Dispute resolution is naturally desired, and naturally provided, by forms of inclusive social interaction, such as consensus decision-making, which adapt, but not conveniently,  from a family or tribal model to encompass a global scope.																																														
The term has also been used to describe a level of analysis below traditional microeconomics, which is equivalent to the first definition and to describe the economics of nanotechnology.																																														
- Ecuador (Loja Province, Azuay, Cañar) Cacosmia rugosa Kunth - Peru, Ecuador (Chimborazo, Imbabura, Loja Province, Azuay, Cañar)   =																																														
In the article, the authors describe how the smell derives from an oil exuded by certain plants during dry periods, whereupon it is absorbed by clay-based soils and rocks.																																														
CD single (ICDMUTE345)"Raining Again" (edit) – 3:30 "It's OK" – 3:53 "Put the Headphones On" – 3:49 "Raining Again" (Evil Nine Remix) – 7:41 "Raining Again" (Steve Angello's Vocal Mix) – 6:55 "Raining Again" (video) – 3:4812-inch single (12MUTE345)"Raining Again" (Steve Angello's Vocal Mix) – 6:55 "Raining Again" (Ewan Pearson Vocal) – 7:07 "Raining Again" (Ewan Pearson Instrumental) – 7:07Digital single"Raining Again" (radio version) – 3:30 "It's OK" – 3:53 "Put the Headphones On" – 3:49 "Raining Again" (Evil Nine Remix) – 7:41 "Raining Again" (Steve Angello's Vocal Mix) – 6:55 "Raining Again" (Ewan Pearson Vocal) – 7:07 "Raining Again" (David Duriez Lunar Disco Mix) – 6:37 "Raining Again" (David Duriez Lunar Disco Dub) – 6:45   =																																														
The genus name is derived from the Greek kakos ("bad, ugly") and -osma ("smell, stink, fragrant odour, scent, perfume").																																														
It was released as the second single from his seventh studio album Hotel in mainland Europe on May 23, 2005 by Mute Records and in Australia on June 6, 2005 by EMI Music Australia.																																														
This article contains a list of the most studied restriction enzymes whose names start with S.  It contains approximately 130 enzymes.																																														
Entries received by NTU were reviewed by a jury, with the winner being Ruslana Lyzhychko, becoming the second Ukrainian entry at Eurovision.																																														
The song represented Albania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 in Belgrade, Serbia, after winning the country's pre-selection competition Festivali i Këngës 46.																																														
The Men's Omnium is one of the 10 men's events at the 2010 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, held in Ballerup, Denmark.																																														
In 2000 he participated in the Spanish national final for the Eurovision Song Contest 2000 with his song "Sueño su boca" finishing second.																																														
Söngvakeppnin (known from 1986–1989 as Söngvakeppni sjónvarpsstöðva and in 1981, 1983 and 1990–2012 as Söngvakeppni sjónvarpsins, literally "The Television's Song Contest") is an annual music competition organised by Icelandic public broadcaster Ríkisútvarpið (RÚV).																																														
He was part of the Moroccan 2004 Olympic football team, which exited in the first round, finishing third in group D, behind group winners Iraq and runners-up Costa Rica.																																														
The song is written by Pearu Paulus, Ilmar Laisaar, Alar Kotkas (composers) and Jana Hallas (lyricist), the same authors who wrote the Estonian entries for 2000 ("Once in a lifetime") and 2002 ("Runaway"), which came 4th and 3rd, respectively.																																														
In 2009, the 8th edition of the fair was held in November, on the east wing  of the defunct Ellinikon International Airport.																																														
The club was founded in 1959 by Portuguese immigrants living in Caracas, who based their new club on their favourite team from back home, CS Marítimo, from the island of Madeira, who today compete in the Superliga.																																														
During 1993–94, 1997–1998 and since 2001, they have been playing in the Belarusian First League, sans two short drops to the Second League (in 2007 and 2011).																																														
Virginie Dechenaud (born 7 January 1986) is a French beauty pageant titleholder who represented Rhône-Alpes and placed first runner-up to Miss France 2010.																																														
She teamed up again with director Daniele Luchetti for The Storm Is Coming (1992) and worked with Mario Monicelli in Looking for Paradise (1995) and Pozzessere (An Eyewitness Account).																																														
Graduating in Portuguese Language and Literature from the Pontifícia Universidade Católica de São Paulo, he began his career writing professionally for theatre groups in 1987.																																														
Katharine Hepburn (May 12, 1907 - June 29, 2003) was an American actress of the 20th century, active in 44 feature films, 8 telemovies and 33 stage plays over 66 years from 1928 and 1994.																																														
She won her first Filmfare Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of an Indian non-resident in the romantic drama Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (1995), and Best Performance in a Negative Role for her performance as a femme fatale in the psychological thriller Gupt: The Hidden Truth (1997), becoming the first actress to win in the latter category.																																														
She won the César Award for Best Actress in 2011 for her performance in  Le Nom des gens (2009).																																														
He won the Academy Award for Best Sound Editing for the drama thriller film The Ghost and the Darkness (1996).																																														
During her years in primary school, Lee was an active participant in singing competitions, where she won numerous awards, and in various sport-related activities.																																														
She received positive reviews from film critics and was nominated for National Society of Film Critics and Boston Society of Film Critics Award for Best Supporting Actress.																																														
Michael Kanin (February 1, 1910 – March 12, 1993) was an American director, producer, playwright and screenwriter who shared an Academy Award with Ring Lardner Jr. for writing the Katharine Hepburn-Spencer Tracy film comedy Woman of the Year (1942).																																														
Oak Orchard Light was a lighthouse that operated on the shores of Lake Ontario, in New York, United States, at Point Breeze from 1871 to 1916.																																														
Gibson lived previously in Kintore where she experienced first hand the desolation of life in isolated communities that is portrayed in the film.																																														
It gives off intercostal branches to the seventh, eighth, and ninth intercostal spaces; these diminish in size as the spaces decrease in length, and are distributed in a manner precisely similar to the intercostal arteries from the internal thoracic artery.																																														
Special collective nouns may be used for particular taxa (for example a flock of geese, if not in flight, is sometimes called a gaggle) but for theoretical discussions of behavioural ecology, the generic term herd can be used for all such kinds of assemblage.																																														
A pleural friction rub, or simply pleural rub, is an audible medical sign present in some patients with pleurisy and other conditions affecting the chest cavity.																																														
Absorptive columnar epithelium is characterized as having a striated boarder on its apical side, this border is made up of non-motile microvilli allowing for increase surface area for absorption.																																														
This means food intake and other activities related to fitness are optimized in terms of time allocation when animals stay in groups.																																														
The caudal portions of the coeloms fuse later below the umbilical vein to become the larger peritoneal cavity, separated from the pericardial cavity by the transverse septum.																																														
It assists lung expansion during deep inspiration, although its role is not as significant as the costodiaphragmatic recess, which has a greater volume.																																														
They are at first situated between the pleurae and the intercostales interni, and then between the intercostales interni and innermost.																																														
Hepatization is conversion into a substance resembling the liver; a state of the lungs when gorged with effuse matter, so that they are no longer pervious to the air.																																														
This blood–air barrier is extremely thin (approximately 600 nm-2μm; in some places merely 200 nm) to allow sufficient oxygen diffusion, yet it is extremely strong.																																														
The ciliated part of the simple columnar epithelium has tiny hairs which help move mucus and other substances up the respiratory tract.																																														
It differs from a syndrome in that seriality is more predictable: if A causes B, and B causes C, and C causes D, then D would not be seen if C is not seen.																																														
Focal agyria pachygyria Focal alopecia congenital megalencephaly Focal dermal hypoplasia Focal dystonia Focal facial dermal dysplasia Focal or multifocal malformations in neuronal migration Foix–Chavany–Marie syndrome Foix–Alajouanine syndrome Follicular atrophoderma-basal cell carcinoma Follicular dendritic cell tumor Follicular hamartoma alopecia cystic fibrosis Follicular ichthyosis Follicular lymphoma Follicular lymphoreticuloma Fontaine–Farriaux–Blanckaert syndrome Forbes–Albright syndrome Forbes disease Foreign accent syndrome Forestier's disease Formaldehyde poisoning Forney–Robinson–Pascoe syndrome Fountain syndrome Fournier gangrene Fowler–Christmas–Chapele syndrome Fowler's syndrome Fox–Fordyce disease   =																																														
Emotional triggers are most often sadness and grief, but crying can also be triggered by anger, happiness, fear, laughter or humor, frustration, remorse, or other strong, intense emotions.																																														
In medical terms, the lacrimal papilla is a small conical elevation on the margin of each eyelid at the basal angles of the lacrimal lake.																																														
An imperforate lacrimal punctum is a congenital disorder of dogs involving the lack of an opening to the nasolacrimal duct (tear duct) in the conjunctiva.																																														
Faces syndrome Facial asymmetry temporal seizures Facial clefting corpus callosum agenesis Facial cleft Facial dysmorphism macrocephaly myopia Dandy–Walker type Facial dysmorphism shawl scrotum joint laxity syndrome Facial femoral syndrome Facial paralysis Facies unusual arthrogryposis advanced skeletal malformations Facio digito genital syndrome recessive form Facio skeletal genital syndrome Rippberger type Facio thoraco genital syndrome Faciocardiomelic dysplasia lethal Faciocardiorenal syndrome Faciooculoacousticorenal syndrome Facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy   =																																														
This enzyme belongs to the family of oxidoreductases, specifically those acting on the CH-NH2 group of donors with NAD+ or NADP+ as acceptor.																																														
The same condition is also present in newborn babies, as their tear ducts don't open until some time after birth.																																														
Efferent fibers from the superior salivary nucleus become improperly connected to nerve axons projecting to the lacrimal glands, causing one to shed tears (lacrimate) on the side of the palsy during salivation while smelling foods or eating.																																														
Fetal acitretin syndrome Fetal akinesia syndrome X linked Fetal alcohol syndrome Fetal aminopterin syndrome Fetal and neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia Fetal antihypertensive drugs syndrome Fetal brain disruption sequence Fetal cytomegalovirus syndrome Fetal diethylstilbestrol syndrome Fetal edema Fetal enterovirus syndrome Fetal hydantoin syndrome Fetal indomethacin syndrome Fetal iodine syndrome Fetal left ventricular aneurysm Fetal methimazole syndrome Fetal methyl mercury syndrome Fetal minoxidil syndrome Fetal parainfluenza virus type 3 syndrome Fetal parvovirus syndrome Fetal phenothiazine syndrome Fetal prostaglandin syndrome Fetal thalidomide syndrome Fetal warfarin syndrome   =																																														
Advanced sleep phase disorder (ASPD): People with advanced sleep phase disorder exhibit characteristics opposite to those with delayed sleep phase disorder.																																														
However, some of these anti-convulsant medications did also have adverse effects on subjects' sleeping structures, which can exacerbate epileptic symptoms in people with nocturnal epilepsy.																																														
This can be combined with dark therapy (or scototherapy), which involves filtering blue light (using software, screen filters or (amber-color) glasses) and preferring red-colored lights with a low amount of lux in the few hours before bedtime to avoid melatonin suppression.																																														
Drugs like modafinil, Armodafinil, Xyrem (sodium oxybate) oral solution, have been approved as treatment for EDS symptoms in the U.S. There is declining usage of other drugs such as methylphenidate (Ritalin), dextroamphetamine (Dexedrine), amphetamine (Adderall), lisdexamfetamine (Vyvanse), methamphetamine (Desoxyn), and pemoline (Cylert), as these psychostimulants may have several adverse effects and may lead to   dependency, especially when illicitly misused.																																														
Importantly, in the latest version of the International Classification of Sleep Disorders (ICSD-3), catathrenia has been included in the category of respiratory disorders, and thus it has been removed from the parasomnia category, as it was in the second version of the manual; nevertheless, a debate about the nature and classification of the disorder, still exist.																																														
Additional methods of treatment, like timed melatonin administration or hypnotics have been proposed, but determining their safety and efficacy will require further research.																																														
About half of the children have sleep-talking episodes at least once a year, but less than 10% of children present sleep-talking every night, whereas 20% to 25% talk in their sleep at least once a week.																																														
Sleep research conducted in the 1990s showed that such waking up during the night may be a natural sleep pattern, rather than a form of insomnia.																																														
According to EEG measurements collected by Dr. Stampi during a 50-day trial of polyphasic ultrashort sleep with a test subject and published in his book Why We Nap, the proportion of sleep stages remains roughly the same during both polyphasic and monophasic sleep schedules.																																														
If Ekirch's hypothesis is correct, their concerns might best be addressed by reassurance that their sleep conforms to historically natural sleep patterns.																																														
His research focuses on localization and function of biological clocks in vertebrates, light and food as entraining signals for circadian rhythms, obesity, sleep, and reproduction.																																														
Most of the line remains intact as does the tunnel, except for a few places where it has been cut for road improvements.																																														
Highway 275 served as a north–south connector route in southwest Minnesota between the town of Boyd and U.S. Highway 212.																																														
Its sections are now parts of U.S. Route 9W, U.S. Route 1/9, U.S. Route 1/9 Truck, and Route 440.																																														
In 1941, British Columbia transitioned from lettered to numbered highways, with the Lower Mainland section of Route A becoming Highway 1 and the remainder becoming Highway 3.																																														
This section of KY 10, along with the section from Vanceburg to U.S. 23 just before the Jesse Stuart Memorial Bridge, is considered part of the AA Highway.																																														
The project is not considered viable due to a lack of interest from the Taiwanese, staggering costs and unsolved technical problems.																																														
Interstate 43  U.S. Route 43  Alabama State Route 43 (former)  Arkansas Highway 43  California State Route 43  Connecticut Route 43  Florida State Road 43  County Road 43 (Manatee County, Florida)  Georgia State Route 43  Georgia State Route 43 (former)  Idaho State Highway 43  Illinois Route 43  Indiana State Road 43  K-43 (Kansas highway)  Kentucky Route 43  Louisiana Highway 43  Maine State Route 43  Maryland Route 43  Massachusetts Route 43  M-43 (Michigan highway)  Minnesota State Highway 43  Mississippi Highway 43  Missouri Route 43  Montana Highway 43  Nebraska Highway 43  Nebraska Spur 43A  Nevada State Route 43 (former)  New Hampshire Route 43  New Jersey Route 43 (former)  County Route 43 (Monmouth County, New Jersey)  New York State Route 43 County Route 43B (Cayuga County, New York)  County Route 43 (Chautauqua County, New York)  County Route 43 (Dutchess County, New York)  County Route 43 (Erie County, New York)  County Route 43 (Genesee County, New York)  County Route 43 (Lewis County, New York)  County Route 43 (Madison County, New York)  County Route 43 (Ontario County, New York)  County Route 43 (Otsego County, New York)  County Route 43 (Putnam County, New York)  County Route 43 (Rensselaer County, New York)  County Route 43 (Saratoga County, New York)  County Route 43 (Schenectady County, New York)  County Route 43 (St. Lawrence County, New York)  County Route 43 (Suffolk County, New York)  County Route 43 (Sullivan County, New York)  County Route 43 (Tioga County, New York)  County Route 43 (Ulster County, New York)  County Route 43 (Washington County, New York)  North Carolina Highway 43  North Dakota Highway 43  Ohio State Route 43  Oklahoma State Highway 43  Oregon Route 43  Pennsylvania Route 43  South Dakota Highway 43  Tennessee State Route 43  Texas State Highway 43  Texas State Highway Loop 43  Farm to Market Road 43  Texas Park Road 43  Utah State Route 43  Virginia State Route 43  West Virginia Route 43  Wisconsin Highway 43 (former)   =																																														
It runs through the summer villages on the north side of Isle Lake, and the south side of Lac Ste.																																														
Using these two tunnels and a ferry, the road distance between the E134 highway in the town of Odda and the city of Bergen is much shorter than before.																																														
However, torrential rains from Typhoon Mindulle caused further damage to the highway, forcing the affected section between Guguan and Lishan to be closed to non-residents indefinitely.																																														
Southern Ports Highway is a 119 kilometres (74 miles) rural highway in South Australia that connects Kingston SE with Millicent via Rendelsham, Southend, Beachport and Robe.																																														
Tied with the Chicago Bears and Pittsburgh Steelers they picked 7th, 8th or 9th normally in the 32 rounds that they had picks.																																														
Below are the genera and species of this family:  Buenaspis Budd, 1999Buenaspis forteyi  Budd, 1999Liwia Dzik and Lendzion, 1988Liwia plana Lendzion, 1975 Liwia convexa Lendzion, 1975Soomaspis Fortey & Theron, 1995Soomaspis splendida Fortey & Theron, 1995Tariccoia Hammann et al.																																														
The black hawk-eagle (Spizaetus tyrannus), also known as the tyrant hawk-eagle, is a species of eagle found from central Mexico through Central America into the south of Brazil to Colombia, eastern Peru, and as far as northern Argentina.																																														
It lives in the Andes mountains of South America and ranges down to the coast in the O'Higgins region of Chile, preferring wooded areas.																																														
Media related to Asthenes griseomurina at Wikimedia Commons Mouse-colored thistletail videos on the Internet Bird Collection Mouse-colored thistletail photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res Audio recordings of Asthenes griseomurina on Xeno-canto.																																														
Banks, Richard C.; Chesser, R. Terry; Cicero, Carla; Dunn, Jon L.; Kratter, Andrew W.; Lovette, Irby J.; Rasmussen, Pamela C.; Remsen, J.V. Jr; Rising, James D. & Stotz, Douglas F. (2007): Forty-eighth Supplement to the American Ornithologists’ Union Check-List of North American Birds.																																														
Aivenia — Angelina — Anthopsis — Ascluella — Atropellis — Belonopsis — Blumeriella — Calloria — Calloriella — Cashiella — Cejpia — Chaetonaevia — Chlorosplenium — Coleosperma — Coronellaria — Crustomollisia — Cryptohymenium — Dennisiodiscus — Dermateopsis — Dermea — Dibeloniella — Diplocarpa — Diplocarpon — Diplonaevia — Discocurtisia — Discohainesia — Drepanopeziza — Duebenia — Durandiella — Eupropolella — Felisbertia — Graddonia — Haglundia — Hysteronaevia — Hysteropezizella — Hysterostegiella — Involucroscypha — Laetinaevia — Leptotrochila — Marssonina  — Micropeziza — Mollisia — Naevala — Naeviella — Naeviopsis — Neofabraea — Neotapesia — Niptera — Nothophacidium — Obscurodiscus — Obtectodiscus — Patellariopsis — Patinella — Pezicula — Pezolepis — Phaeonaevia — Pirottaea — Pleoscutula — Ploettnera — Podophacidium — Pseudonaevia — Pseudoniptera — Pseudopeziza — Pyrenopeziza — Sarconiptera — Schizothyrioma — Scleropezicula — Scutobelonium — Scutomollisia — Sorokina — Sorokinella — Spilopodia — Spilopodiella — Trochila — Tuberculariella — Waltonia   =																																														
Species commemorating Berlepsch include Berlepsch's six-wired bird-of-paradise,  Berlepsch's tinamou, and, in its Latin name, the bronze parotia (Parotia berlepschi).																																														
The typical adult has brown upperparts and pale underparts, with barring on the undersides of the flight feathers and tail.																																														
A study of accipitrid skeletons found procoracoid incisurae (as opposed to foramina) in some specimens of the eagles Aquila gurneyi and A. chrysaetos, but not in four other Aquila species.																																														
The International Centre for Birds of Prey, formerly the National Birds of Prey Centre, in the United Kingdom houses a large collection of birds of prey with over 60 species of owls, eagles and hawks.																																														
9, also known as the Lower East Fork Patrol Cabin, is a log shelter in the National Park Service Rustic style in Denali National Park.																																														
In the 19th century it referred to a saloon cabin at the stern of immigrant ships, where wealthy immigrants could travel in greater comfort than the steerage passengers below.																																														
Diacritics used in this language are the acute accent (´), grave accent (`), circumflex (ˆ), ring (°), and cedilla (¸).																																														
Since 2000, He got a gold medal at the Kodokan Cup, and has been a judoka representing Japan in the Lightweight category.																																														
It was designed for travel on snow, with a single-cylinder engine which drove a pronged wheel, with runners in place of conventional wheels.																																														
Originally produced in wood, a metal version of the aircraft was also developed The V 20s were operated by Luft-Fahrzeug on its Hamburg-Stettin-Danzing and Stettin-Swinemünde-Stralsund routes.																																														
Such buildings in the United States include:  American Legion Hall (Searcy, Arkansas) American Legion Hut-Des Arc, Des Arc, Arkansas American Legion Post No.																																														
The Upper Kintla Lake Patrol Cabin is actually situated on the eastern shore of Kintla Lake which is almost 2 miles (3.																																														
Larbi Benboudaoud (born 5 March 1974 in Bordj Zemoura, Algeria) is a judoka from France, who won the silver medal in the half lightweight (– 66 kg) division at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.																																														
Refuge du Promontoire is a refuge in the Alps located in France in the massif des Ecrins, it is just build on rock in front of the South face of La Meije.																																														
It consists of a chilled ice cream cone filled with vanilla ice cream with a topping of chocolate sauce or fudge and a sprinkling of nut shards.																																														
Olho de sogra (‘mother-in-law's eye‘ in Portuguese) is a Brazilian candy, consisting of a beijinho candy inside a dried plum (though some recipes include egg yolk).																																														
Sugar Mama was originally produced by the James O. Welch Company in 1965, as a companion candy to the already-produced Sugar Babies and Sugar Daddy.																																														
The minister's cousin, President Ramón Barros Luco, asked for sandwiches with beef and cheese, these sandwiches were called Barros Luco.																																														
The closest Nestlé product to them is the Nestlé Crunch, which is very similar to Nestlé Milk Chocolate, the main difference being that Nestlè Crunch has puffed rice, while Nestlé Milk Chocolate does not.																																														
Giandor is the name of a chocolate produced in Switzerland by the Swiss company Frey AG, which is a part of the Migros corporation.																																														
In 2006, The New York Times reported that Blue Bell made "no claim to have invented it but certainly pioneered the flavor".																																														
Most baking chocolates have at least a 50% cocoa content, with the remaining content usually being mostly sugar.																																														
Sold at Hungry Jack's fast food restaurants, a Storm is a flavoured ice cream dessert similar to McDonald's McFlurry ice cream.																																														
Butter pecan is a popular flavor of ice cream produced by many companies and is also one of the thirty-one flavors of Baskin Robbins.																																														
Butterscotch Sundae Chocolate Chocolate Chip French Vanilla Heavenly Hash Maple Walnut Mint Chocolate Swirl Neapolitan Spumone (discontinued) Strawberry Vanilla Cookies and Cream Nestlé Toll House (Chocolate Chip Cookie Sandwich (currently the newest flavour, consisting of French Vanilla Parlour sandwiched between two chocolate chip cookies.																																														
It was established in 2005 when Finland's oldest national park, Pyhätunturi National Park (established in 1938), was joined to Luosto.																																														
The tree features three prominent burls on the southwestern side of its trunk and is surrounded by a large number of trees of almost equal size.																																														
Over 100 of the 137 known trees over 350 feet (110 m) tall—all coast redwoods—occur in Humboldt Redwoods State Park.																																														
King Arthur, formerly known as the California Tree, was a giant sequoia located in Garfield Grove, near the town of Three Rivers in California.																																														
Ei Fujita (藤田 鋭, Fujita Ei), a 41-year-old man Toshiko Ikeza (池座 俊子, Ikeza Toshiko), a 55-year-old woman Yoshiyuki Kuriyama (栗山 欽行, Kuriyama Yoshiyuki), a 47-year-old man and later Tokyo Metropolitan Assemblyman Kiyoshi Masaki (正木 清, Masaki Kiyoshi), a 58-year-old man Isamu Michishita (道下 勇, Michishita Isamu), a 60-year-old man Atsuko Niinuma (新沼 敦子, Niinuma Atsuko), a 40-year-old woman Takashi Sasaki (佐々木 貴史, Sasaki Takashi), a 39-year-old man Nobuyuki Shimizu (清水 信之, Shimizu Nobuyuki), a 59-year-old man Akira Shirai (白井 明, Shirai Akira), a 62-year-old man Shigemi Suda (須田 繁美, Suda Shigemi), a 57-year-old man Etsuo Suzuki (鈴木 悦夫, Suzuki Etsuo), a 56-year-old man Seiji Takahashi (高橋 清治, Takahashi Seiji), a 56-year-old man Yoshihiko Tanabe (田辺 良彦, Tanabe Yoshihiko), a 42-year-old man Miki Tsurudome (鶴留 美紀, Tsurudome Miki), a 59-year-old woman Kazuo Yatabe (谷田部 和夫, Yatabe Kazuo), a 61-year-old man   =																																														
President George H. W. Bush Tree: This tree was named to commemorate the Presidential Proclamation delivered and signed by President George H. W. Bush to protect, preserve and restore all of the sequoia groves on National Forest System lands throughout the Sierra Nevada.																																														
These railroads were bought, leased, or in other ways had their track come under ownership or lease by the Central Railroad of New Jersey.																																														
The Generals Highway is a highway that connects State Route 180 and State Route 198 through Sequoia National Park, Sequoia National Forest, Giant Sequoia National Monument, and Kings Canyon National Park in the Sierra Nevada of California.																																														
In 1918 after realizing how much of the old-growth forests closer to San Francisco had been harvested, Boone and Crockett Club members formed the Save the Redwoods League, and began working to preserve redwood forests in the region, including the area that became Humboldt Redwoods State Park.																																														
The Adam tree was named around 1884 by Jesse Hoskins, who was also responsible for the room cut out of the Hercules tree, which is also in the Mountain Home Grove.																																														
Boston and Providence Railroad 1888 Stoughton Branch Railroad 1872 Boston, Clinton, Fitchburg and New Bedford Railroad 1879 Boston, Clinton and Fitchburg Railroad 1876 Agricultural Branch Railroad 1869 Fitchburg and Worcester Railroad 1869 Framingham and Lowell Railroad 1871 Mansfield and Framingham Railroad 1870 New Bedford Railroad 1875 New Bedford and Taunton Railroad 1874 Fairhaven Branch Railroad 1868 Taunton Branch Railroad 1873 Cape Cod Railroad 1872 Cape Cod Branch Railroad 1868 Cape Cod Central Railroad 1868 Duxbury and Cohasset Railroad 1878 Fall River, Warren and Providence Railroad 1892 Granite Railroad 1870 Hanover Branch of Massachusetts Railroad 1887 Middleborough and Taunton Railroad 1874 Nantasket Beach Railroad 1888 Old Colony and Newport Railroad 1872 Dighton and Somerset Railroad 1864 Easton Branch Railroad 1866 Newport and Fall River Railroad 1863 Old Colony and Fall River Railroad 1864 Fall River Railroad 1854 Middleborough Railroad 1895 Old Colony Railway 1854 Dorchester and Milton Railroad 1847 Randolph and Bridgewater Railroad 1845 Plymouth and Middleborough Railroad 1892 Providence, Warren and Bristol Railroad 1891 South Shore Railroad 1876   =																																														
He was also consultant to the European Commission, International Monetary Fund, the International Labour Organization, the World Bank and the Italian Government.																																														
The Unemployment Insurance Appeal Board (UIAB) was also established in 1938, to hear appeals from claimants or employers dissatisfied with departmental administrative determinations.																																														
These data are the source of the annual Census Bureau report on income, poverty, and health insurance coverage.																																														
Governor Deval Patrick of Massachusetts called for state employees to boycott of the Hyatt in response to the layoffs, and Representative Michael Capuano also criticized the layoffs Other organizations and groups boycotting the Hyatt include the Jewish Labor Committee, the faculty of Emerson College, and the Boston Taxi Drivers Association.																																														
The organization offered 9-month part-time leadership development trainings for a select group of organizational leaders, future candidates, community organizers, and progressive activists in Arizona, Colorado, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.																																														
A sampling of the types of articles found in the journal include: Economic growth and cycles: Cross-country models of education, industry and fertility and international comparisons by Guisan, M.C. & Aguayo, E. & Exposito, P. (Vol.																																														
Other issues included popular education, the role of the  general strike, and anti-militarism– an International Antimilitarist Congress simultaneously took place in Amsterdam.																																														
It is presented annually during the meeting of the Annual Georgia European Union Summit, and goes to an individual who has shown exceptional success and dedication in fostering foreign economic development in the State of Georgia, USA.																																														
As well as the key role played by the NZPFU in the organisation of a 1995 referendum on firefighter numbers in response to an industrial dispute, the NZPFU continues to work towards the betterment of working conditions for all of its members.																																														
Robert Zachary Lawrence (born in 1949), a former South African national, is the Albert L. Williams Professor of International Trade and Investment at John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.																																														
The Institute for Clinical Social Work (ICSW) is an independent educational institution in Chicago, Illinois, that provides practicing clinical social workers and other psychotherapists the opportunity to earn an MA or Ph.D. without taking a break from their professional pursuits.																																														
This is an advantage, in that it saves seed and it avoids crowding, or the need for thinning, allowing plants the space to grow efficiently.																																														
Papermakers have been producing paper including seeds in the United States since 1941, but international papermakers have practiced seed inclusion in the paper for centuries.																																														
C-Tractor is a class of fourteen tractor tugs built by North American Shipbuilding between 1989 and 1993 for Alpha Marine Services, a subsidiary of Edison Chouest Offshore.																																														
This is a list of the 177 resident embassies in Washington, D.C. For other diplomatic missions in the United States, see List of diplomatic missions in the United States.																																														
Using a variety of actions, they all open the soil, place the seed, then cover it, to create rows.																																														
The depth and spacing is generally adjustable to accommodate a range of crops and the desired plant density; the degree of adjustability depends upon the chosen seeder.																																														
Broadcast seeding works best for plants that do not require singular spacing or that are more easily thinned later.																																														
This (rather hot than moderately hot) water kills any organisms that may have survived on the skin of a seed.																																														
Chuck Brown & The Soul Searchers (4 weeks) Chic (6 weeks) The Commodores (1 week) Earth, Wind & Fire (1 week) Funkadelic (3 weeks) G.Q. (2 weeks) Instant Funk (3 weeks) The Isley Brothers (1 week) Michael Jackson (5 weeks) Kool & The Gang (3 weeks) Cheryl Lynn (1 week) McFadden & Whitehead (1 week) Parliament (4 weeks) Peaches & Herb (4 weeks) Prince (2 weeks) Rufus and Chaka Khan (3 weeks) Sister Sledge (2 weeks) Donna Summer (1 week) Anita Ward (5 weeks)   =																																														
Patients who have received the medication are advised against giving blood for at least three years due to the risk of birth defects.																																														
While some use the term 'polymorphic eruption of pregnancy' to cover these, this term is a synonym used in the UK for Pruritic urticarial papules and plaques of pregnancy, which is the commonest of these skin conditions.																																														
Problems rarely occur when rubella is contracted by the mother after 20 weeks of gestation and continues to disseminate the virus after birth.																																														
Maternal–fetal medicine (MFM), also known as perinatology, is a branch of medicine that focuses on managing health concerns of the mother and fetus prior to, during, and shortly after pregnancy.																																														
In comparison to the embryo, the fetus has more recognizable external features and a set of progressively developing internal organs.																																														
In normal pregnancies, the umbilical cord inserts into the middle of the placental mass and is completely encased by the amniotic sac.																																														
Thus blood transfusion is frequent in the management of patients with this kind of pregnancy, with others even using tranexamic acid and recombinant factor VIIa, which both minimize blood loss.																																														
The term is mostly used in a human context; however, the same phenomenon can occur in all species of placental mammals.																																														
The genital tubercle is sensitive to dihydrotestosterone and rich in 5-alpha-reductase, so that the amount of fetal testosterone present after the second month is a major determinant of phallus size at birth.																																														
These colour changes were discovered in approximately 1836 by French doctor Étienne Joseph Jacquemin (1796-1872), and are named after James Read Chadwick, who drew attention to it in a paper read before the American Gynecological Society in 1886 and published in the following year, wherein he credited Jacquemin for their discovery.																																														
In July 1999, Ruslan Aushev, at the time the president of Ingushetia, signed a decree allowing men in the republic to marry up to four wives, in accordance with the Islamic tradition.																																														
Kingston succeeded his father John Ortell Kingston as the Trustee-in-Trust of the DCCS upon his father's death in 1987.																																														
For the Eastern Catholic Churches the applicable canons are found in the Code of Canons of the Eastern Churches, canons 854–858.																																														
Since the Second Manifesto, the policy of the LDS Church has been to excommunicate members who practice, officiate, or openly encourage the practice of plural marriages.																																														
Osborne John Peder Widtsoe (December 12, 1877 – March 14, 1920) was principal of the Latter-day Saints University in Salt Lake City, Utah and a professor of English at the University of Utah.																																														
The independent sacramental movement (ISM) refers to a loose collection of individuals and Christian denominations which are not part of the historic sacramental Christian denominations embodying catholicity (such as the Catholic Church, Eastern Orthodox Church, and Anglican churches) and yet continue to practice the historic sacramental rites independently.																																														
Many Bhutanese refugees still reside in UNHCR refugee camps in Nepal, though many have been resettled to third countries.																																														
It was established in 1856 by Rufus C. Allen and other leaders of the LDS Southern Indian Mission so they could move away from Fort Harmony, Utah and John D. Lee's attempts to usurp their authority.																																														
He then became a seminary instructor for the Church Educational System and went on to earn a master's degree and Ph.D. from BYU.																																														
The Centennial Park group refers to itself as the "Second Ward" and refers to the FLDS Church as the "First Ward".																																														
Ed Jolley Pinegar (February 12, 1935 – August 18, 2020) was a Latter-day Saint author, educator and leader in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).																																														
One study suggested that old person smell may be the result of 2-nonenal, an unsaturated aldehyde which is associated with human body odor alterations during aging; however, there are other hypotheses.																																														
Much like many animal species, human odor undergoes distinct stages based on chemical changes initiated through the aging process.																																														
Research suggests that this enables humans to determine the suitability of potential partners based on age, in addition to other factors.																																														
Old person smell is known as kareishū (加齢臭) in Japan, where much social value is placed on personal grooming, and specific upmarket odor-eliminating soaps are targeted at more elderly consumers.																																														
Sensory neuroscientist Johan Lundström stated, "Elderly people have a discernible underarm odor that younger people consider to be fairly neutral and not very unpleasant".																																														
In 2012, the Monell Chemical Senses Center published a press release claiming that the human ability to identify information such as age, illness, and genetic suitability from odor is responsible for the distinctive "old man smell".																																														
Another study failed to detect 2-nonenal at all, but found significantly increased concentrations of benzothiazole, dimethylsulphone, and nonanal on older subjects.																																														
Similarly, Fossum and Mason say in their book Facing Shame that "While guilt is a painful feeling of regret and responsibility for one's actions, shame is a painful feeling about oneself as a person".																																														
Shame involves global, self-focused negative attributions based on the anticipated, imagined, or real negative evaluations of others and is accompanied by a powerful urge to hide, withdraw, or escape from the source of these evaluations.																																														
The single (written by Matt and Warren Meyers, along with Kelly Mueller) was released on Trackworks Records in the United States, while on the All Around The World label in England.																																														
In Shrink Yourself, Gould suggests that the powerlessness people feel over food cravings is a cover-up for a deeper sense of powerlessness in five other areas of their lives.																																														
The Baronetcy of Cope of St Mellons, Monmouthshire was created for William Cope in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom in 1928.																																														
The Baronetcy of Cope of Bruern, Oxfordshire, was created in the Baronetage of Great Britain on 1 March 1714 for Jonathan Cope of Bruern Abbey, grandson of Jonathan Cope of Ranton Abbey, who was a younger son of Sir William Cope, 2nd Baronet of Hanwell.																																														
1486–1551) Arthur C. Cope, American chemist Bob Cope, American football coach Charles West Cope, (1811–1890) English artist Cuthbert Leslie Cope (1903–1975), English physician Davey Cope, (1877–1898), South African rugby union player David Cope, artificial intelligence and music researcher David Cope (economist), British energy & resource economist Derrike Cope, American racing driver Edward Drinker Cope, American anatomist and palaeontologist Edward Meredith Cope, English classical scholar Frederick Cope, Canadian politician Geoff Cope, English cricketer George Cope (Tobacco manufacturer), English tobacco manufacturer Harold Cope (1902–1980), English footballer Jack Cope, South African writer James Cope (UK politician), British MP and Resident to the Hanseatic League in the mid-eighteenth century Jamie Cope, English snooker player Jean-François Copé, French politician Jim Cope (1911–1999), Australian politician John Cope (British Army officer), English general during the 1745 Jacobite Uprising John Cope, Baron Cope of Berkeley, English politician Julian Cope, English musician Kenneth Cope, English actor Kenneth Cope (musician), American composer Kit Cope, American martial arts fighter Marianne Cope, American nun and Catholic saint Mike Cope, American racing driver Myron Cope, American radio personality Peter Cope, American test pilot Sidney Cope (1904–1986), English cricketer Thomas Cope (1827-1884), English tobacco manufacturer Tom Cope, English footballer Thomas D. Cope, American historian and physicist Warner Cope, American judge Wendy Cope, English poet Zachary Cope, English physician and surgeon   =																																														
CeCe Peniston - lead vocal Matt Meyers - writer, producer Warren Meyers - writer, producer Kelly Mueller - writer, producer Bass Monkeys - remix David Morales - remix Mischa Daniels - remix Smax & Gold - remix Sharp Boys - remix Chris Bailey - remix Ramon Ray Checo - remix C. Rosillo - remix Speakerbox - remix Wally Montana - remix   =																																														
The Baronetcy of Cope of Osbaston, Leicestershire was created for Thomas Cope of Osbaston Hall, in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom in 1918.																																														
Sir Anthony Cope, 1st Baronet (1550–1615) Sir William Cope, 2nd Baronet (1577–1637) Sir John Cope, 3rd Baronet (1608–1638) Sir Anthony Cope, 4th Baronet (1632–1675) Sir John Cope, 5th Baronet (1634–1721) Sir John Cope, 6th Baronet (1673–1749) Sir Monoux Cope, 7th Baronet (1696–1763) Sir John Mordaunt Cope, 8th Baronet (1731–1779) Sir Richard Cope, 9th Baronet (died 1806) Sir Denzil Cope, 10th Baronet (1766–1812) Sir John Cope, 11th Baronet (1768–1851) Sir William Henry Cope, 12th Baronet (1811–1892) Sir Anthony Cope, 13th Baronet (1842–1932) Sir Denzil Cope, 14th Baronet (1873–1940) Sir Anthony Mohun Leckonby Cope, 15th Baronet (1927–1966) Sir Mordaunt Leckonby Cope, MC, 16th Baronet (1878–1972)   =																																														
It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Trzcińsko-Zdrój, 36 km (22 mi) south of Gryfino, and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.																																														
It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Świeszyno, 10 km (6 mi) south of Koszalin, and 130 km (81 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.																																														
It lies approximately 38 kilometres (24 mi) south-west of Bytów and 116 km (72 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).																																														
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 18th meridian east passes through:   =																																														
Conventional International Origin (CIO) is a conventionally defined reference axis of the pole's average location on the Earth's surface over the year 1900.																																														
It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Głuchołazy, 11 km (7 mi) south of Nysa, and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.																																														
It is located inside the Indian Creek waterway in the La Gorce neighborhood, in the area of the city referred to as North Beach.																																														
It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Widuchowa, 15 km (9 mi) south of Gryfino, and 34 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.																																														
The club plays in the Queensland Premier Rugby competition, and fields teams for males and females in several other grades and age-group competitions.																																														
Gąbin [ˈɡɔmbin]  (German: Gummin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiatów, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.																																														
most popular and known persons from uc daryagali subedar ashraf Abbasi raja shafqat abbasi Muhammed ejaz abbasi raja usman abbasi haji abdul wahid asmar ahmad abbasi haji gulzar abbasi sardar masood abbasi   =																																														
The Central de Acción y Unificación Sindical (Spanish for "Centre for Trade Union Action and Unification") is a national trade union centre in Nicaragua.																																														
Several factories for manufacturing clothing and consumer products from leather were located in Öje in the 20th century.																																														
The Trade Union International of Agroalimentary, Food, Commerce, Textile and Allied Industries (French: Union internationale syndicale des travailleurs de l'agriculture, alimentation, commerce, textiles et industries similaires, UISTAACT) is one of ten Trade Union Internationals of the World Federation of Trade Unions (WFTU).																																														
KBSI was founded in 1952, in an attempt from the socialists to counter the influence of the PKI-led SOBSI trade union centre.																																														
It published the monthly magazine Der Kommunist 1967-1970, Für die Volksmacht (For People's Power) from 1970 to 1997 and again from 1999, and Widerspruch 1997-1999.																																														
Memphis Furniture Manufacturing Company was the largest component of what was once the largest furniture manufacturing operation in the United States.																																														
The term refers to how many frames, on average, a group of pinsetters is able to operate without a stop, which is a malfunction or other condition which requires human assistance to fix the machine.																																														
Vice Chair: Ted Dagnese, Chief Supply Chain Officer, Lululemon Athletica Treasurer: Katherine Gold, President, Goldbug Inc. Secretary: Josue Solano, CEO, BBC International Past Chair: Colin Browne, Interim President and CEO, Under Armour, Inc.   =																																														
The Norwegian Union of Chemical Industry Workers (Norwegian: Norsk Kjemisk Industriarbeiderforbund, NKIF) was a trade union representing workers in the chemical industry in Norway.																																														
The NZDWU is affiliated with the New Zealand Council of Trade Unions, the IUF and the New Zealand Labour Party.																																														
Teja Singh Samundri (1882-1926) was founder of Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee and played an important role in the gurudwara reform movement.																																														
Fundoshi are often worn with a hanten or happi (a short cotton jacket with straight sleeves) during summer festivals by men who carry mikoshi (portable shrines) in Shinto processions.																																														
This item of clothing has three parts: a front flap, a back flap, and a thread to tie them around the waist.																																														
However, it fell out of use quickly after the war with the introduction of new underwear to the Japanese market, such as briefs and boxer briefs.																																														
The longer-form subligaculum that forms a loin cloth is tied as follows: First, the strings are tied around the waist with the long part hanging down back, covering the buttocks.																																														
On February 23, 1916, Gordon Roberts of the Wanderers drew a match penalty for cutting Ottawa's Frank Nighbor in a game in Montreal.																																														
After winning the NHA championship in 1915, the Senators failed to defend the championship, which was won by the Montreal Canadiens.																																														
A zoster (Greek: ζωστήρ, zōstēr) was a form of girdle or belt worn by men and perhaps later by women in ancient Greece, from the Archaic period (c.																																														
Among pre-colonial Visayans, wearing a bahag as casual clothing was common, even among nobility, because it showed off tattoos that indicate rank and prestige.																																														
A Native American woman or teenage girl might also wear a fitted breechcloth underneath her skirt, but not as outerwear.																																														
Next, the long part is brought down between the legs and pulled up behind the knot tied in front.																																														
Later references in the late Archaic and early Classical periods show it used as a belt or cloth girdle with men's clothes, especially the shorter chiton.																																														
Aldén, B., S. Ryman & M. Hjertson (2009) "Gulddendrobium" Våra kulturväxters namn - ursprung och användning Formas, Stockholm (Handbook on Swedish cultivated and utility plants, their names and origin).																																														
& Spach - Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia, Romania, Ukraine, Crimea, European Russia, Caucasus, Middle East, Central Asia, Iran, Pakistan, Xinjiang, Tibet, Inner Mongolia Eremopyrum triticeum (Gaertn.																																														
Plant health is concerned with:  Ecosystem health with a special focus on plants Tree health The control of plant pests The control of plant pathology   =																																														
The larvae feed on Baccharis (including Baccharis halimifolia, Baccharis salicina, Baccharis neglecta and Baccharis angustifolia) and Pluchea sericea.																																														
) Nevski - Romania, Ukraine, Crimea, European Russia, Caucasus, Turkey, Central Asia, Iran, Xinjiang, Inner Mongoliaformerly includedsee Agropyron Australopyrum Crithopsis Elymus Heteranthelium    =																																														
The adult and the nymph both damage the plant, feeding on the leaves during the warmer seasons when the plant is growing, and on stem and root buds when the plant is dormant over the winter.																																														
It has been introduced from Europe in the 1920s to control Forficula auricularia (European earwig) and it is established in British Columbia, Washington, Oregon, California, Idaho, Nevada, Utah, Newfoundland, New Hampshire, Massachusetts.																																														
Under this name, this plant is listed as critically endangered, but it is unclear what effect an updated taxonomy would have on that rating.																																														
During necrotrophic growth the fungus can only be found in the plant apoplast but not within plant cells.																																														
List of globally invasive species List of introduced bird species List of introduced mammal species List of introduced species Introduced species   =																																														
It was founded in 1963 by Paul F. Lazarsfeld and Oskar Morgenstern, with the help of the Ford Foundation, the Austrian Federal Ministry of Education, and the City of Vienna.																																														
Hence it works together with the University of Münster (WWU), the Max Planck Institute for Molecular Biomedicine and many more research institutions.																																														
Thus, openness can be viewed as a global personality trait consisting of a set of specific traits, habits, and tendencies that cluster together.																																														
The List of Guggenheim Fellowships awarded in 2010: Guggenheim Fellowships have been awarded annually since 1925, by the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation, to those "who have demonstrated exceptional capacity for productive scholarship or exceptional creative ability in the arts".																																														
Conduit, often stylized as CONduit, was an annual general interest science fiction and fantasy convention held in May in Salt Lake City, Utah.																																														
He was celebrated for the invention of a machine for the reduction of dislocations, called glossokomon (Greek: γλωσσόκομον), which was afterwards somewhat modified by Aristion, and of which a description is given by Oribasius.																																														
in/) Nanotechnology Industries Association (NIA) International Institute for Nanotechnology American Nano Society International Association of Nanotechnology Center for Biological and Environmental Nanotechnology, Rice University CMC Microsystems, Canada Foresight Institute (FI) Nano Science and Technology Institute (NSTI) Center for Responsible Nanotechnology Nanotechnology Industries Project On Emerging Nanotechnologies The Nanoethics Group American Chemistry Council Nanotechnology Panel Materials Research Society International Council on Nanotechnology (ICON) at Rice University Schau-Platz NANO, Munich, Germany National Nanomanufacturing Network (NNN) National Nanotechnology Manufacturing Center (NNMC) Institute of Occupational Medicine, Scotland, UK Safenano, Europe's Centre of Excellence on Nanotechnology Hazard and Risk Institute of Nanotechnology, Stirling, Scotland, UK Nanoworld, Russian Society of Scanning Probe Microscopy and Nanotechnology Nano Science and Technology Consortium (NSTC) Biological Applications of Nanotechnology (BANTech), University of Idaho Institute of Environmental Sciences and Technology (IEST) Intelligent Testing Strategies for Engineered Nanomaterials (ITS-NANO) Bangladesh Nano Society (BNS)   =																																														
The subjects are asked to sketch some novel objects or design by adding as many lines as they can to the ten figures.																																														
Cañas participated at the First Latin American Biennial, Spain (1951); in the Fourth Biennial of the Engraving, Japan (1964); in the Sutton Gallery, EUA (1979), amongst other important exhibitions at the worldwide level.																																														
Artificial Intelligence Ltd were awarded the British Computer Society Award for Technical Innovation 1989 for Strand88.																																														
Lior Miller (Hebrew: ליאור מילר; born 13 February 1972) is an Israeli film and television actor, DJ, and model.																																														
Jorge Jurado Molina (born 22 September 1995) is Spanish actor, who is well known for his portrayals in television series Los Serrano and 2007 film Goal II: Living the Dream.																																														
Since then, she became popular with her works in television, participating in soap operas and series (2016/17 - A Impostora, 2012 - Doida Por Ti, 2007 - Ilha dos Amores, 2006 - Fala-me de Amor, 2005 - Dei-te Quase Tudo and Inspector Max, 2004 - Maré Alta and O Jogo, 2003 - Queridas Feras and Saber Amar).																																														
Dikri No Mandvo Gago Ke'dada Nu Painu Painu Karto'to Baap Dhamaal Dikra Kamaal Ab To Banja Sajanwa Hamaar (Bhojpuri) Kanku Purayu Maa Amba Na Chowk Ma Tohar Kiriya (Bhojpuri) "Aasude bhinjaye gharchholu aasude bhinjaye chunadi" (Gujarati) "Himmatwala" (Hindi) (Special appearance in song "Dhoka Dhoka") "Rama Rama Kya Hai Dramaa"?																																														
She also had guest roles in the first two episodes of Cop Shop – as a child prostitute and in later episodes as a pregnant school girl;  Carson's Law; Holiday Island; I Can Jump Puddles; Truckies; Special Squad and Who's Baby.																																														
Among these are Shelley (1979–84), in which she appeared alongside Hywel Bennett, and later the part of Fern Farmer in five's soap opera Family Affairs.																																														
She returned to Broadway two years later to appear as Millie in the original production of John Sebastian's Jimmy Shine, sharing the stage with Dustin Hoffman and Rue McClanahan.																																														
Christer Flodin (born September 1, 1948 in Stockholm) is a Swedish television actor, best known for his appearances in crime drama series.																																														
Since 2007, she has been working on night time soap operas such as Alguien Te Mira, El señor de la querencia, and ¿Dónde está Elisa?																																														
Bååt Palace (Stockholm) Bonde Palace (Stockholm) Drottningholm Palace (Lövö) Hallwyl Palace (Stockholm) Sager House (Stockholm) Solliden Palace, (Borgholm) Stenbock Palace (Stockholm) Stockholm Palace (Stockholm) Strömsholm Palace (Strömsholm) Tessin Palace (Stockholm) Tullgarn Palace Ulriksdal Palace (Solna near Stockholm) Wrangel Palace (Stockholm)   =																																														
1948 Madness for Love, by Juan de Orduña 1950 Pequeñeces, by Juan de Orduña 1950 Agustina of Aragon, by Juan de Orduña 1953 Condenados, by Manuel Mur Oti 1956 The Cat 1959 El marido, by Nanni Loy and Gianni Puccini 1959 Sonatas, by Juan Antonio Bardem 1963 La Tía Tula, by Miguel Picazo 1968: Uno a uno, sin piedad, by Rafael R. Marchent 1969 Pepa Doncel, by Luis Lucia 1969 Gangster's Law, by Siro Marcellini 1973 A Candle for the Devil, by Eugenio Martín 1985 Extramuros, by Miguel Picazo 1987 Divinas palabras, by José Luis García Sánchez 1988 Amanece, que no es poco, by José Luis Cuerda 1999 Adiós con el corazón, by José Luis García Sánchez   =																																														
Phylogenetic relationships of whiptail lizards of the genus Cnemidophorus (Squamata, Teiidae) : a test of monophyly, reevaluation of karyotypic evolution, and review of hybrid origins.																																														
George G. Vest (D-MO) 1896-1903 John T. Morgan (D-AL) 1903-1907 John W. Daniel (D-VA) 1908-1909 Thomas S. Martin (D-VA) 1909-1911 Charles A. Culberson (D-TX) 1911-1913 Joseph E. Ransdell (D-LA) 1913-1919 Joseph I. France (R-MD) 1919-1921   =																																														
Natalia Ponomareva (born 13 August 1982 in Yekaterinburg, Soviet Union (now Russia)) is a former pair skater who represented Uzbekistan.																																														
The settlers on the banks of the Hawkesbury (New South Wales) look upon it as a recent importation, and seed of it has been distributed under the name of Panicum speciabile.																																														
Ramose was an ancient Egyptian prince of the Eighteenth Dynasty; probably the son of Pharaoh Ahmose I.He is depicted in the 20th Dynasty tomb of Inherthaui (TT359) among the "Lords of the West" with several of his family members and a few important pharaohs (among the depicted are (Amenhotep I, Ahmose I, Ahhotep, Ahmose Meritamon, Ahmose Sitamun, Siamun, Ahmose Henuttamehu, Ahmose Tumerisy, Ahmose Nebetta, Ahmose Sipair, Ahmose Nefertari, Ramesses I, Mentuhotep II, Amenhotep II, Seqenenre Tao II, Ramesses IV, Thutmose I).																																														
Studies of DNA sequences imply that the boundaries between the genera Nosema and Vairimorpha are incorrectly drawn.																																														
As it is known to attack and eat the invasive fern species Lygodium microphyllum, it is being considered for use as a biological pest control agent in Florida.																																														
Many species that were formerly included in the genus Cnemidophorus are now considered Aspidoscelis based upon divergent characters between the two groups.																																														
Aspidoscelis angusticeps (Cope, 1878) - Yucatán whiptail Aspidoscelis arizonae (Van Denburgh, 1896) - Arizona striped whiptail Aspidoscelis burti (E.H. Taylor, 1938) - canyon spotted whiptail Aspidoscelis calidipes (Duellman, 1955) - Tepalcatepec Valley whiptail Aspidoscelis carmenensis (Maslin & Secoy, 1986) - Carmen Island whiptail Aspidoscelis ceralbensis (Van Denburgh & Slevin, 1921) - Cerralvo Island whiptail Aspidoscelis communis (Cope, 1878) - Colima giant whiptail Aspidoscelis costatus (Cope, 1878) - Mexico whiptail lizard Aspidoscelis cozumela (Gadow, 1906) - Cozumel racerunner Aspidoscelis danheimae (Burt, 1929) - Isla San José whiptail Aspidoscelis deppii (Wiegmann, 1834) - blackbelly racerunner Aspidoscelis dixoni (Scudday, 1973) - gray checkered whiptail Aspidoscelis espiritensis (Van Denburgh & Slevin, 1921) - Espiritu Santo whiptail Aspidoscelis exsanguis (Lowe, 1956) - Chihuahuan spotted whiptail Aspidoscelis franciscensis (Van Denburgh & Slevin, 1921) - San Francisco Island whiptail Aspidoscelis gularis (Baird & Girard, 1852) - Texas spotted whiptail Aspidoscelis guttatus (Wiegmann, 1834) - Mexican racerunner Aspidoscelis hyperythrus (Cope, 1864) - orange-throated whiptail Aspidoscelis inornatus (Baird, 1859) - little striped whiptail Aspidoscelis labialis (Stejneger, 1890) - Baja California whiptail Aspidoscelis laredoensis (McKinney, Kay & R. Anderson, 1973) - Laredo striped whiptail Aspidoscelis lineattissimus (Cope, 1878) - many-lined whiptail Aspidoscelis marmoratus (Baird & Girard, 1852) - marbled whiptail Aspidoscelis martyris (Stejneger, 1891) - San Pedro Martir whiptail Aspidoscelis maslini (Fritts, 1969) - Maslin's whiptail Aspidoscelis maximus (Cope, 1864) - Cape Region whiptail Aspidoscelis mexicanus (W.																																														
The wood should be stacked "racked and well stowed" – meaning stacked so that the wood is parallel, and air gaps are minimized.																																														
Pisa (3), 21: 1–29, MR 0212019 Clemens, C. Herbert; Griffiths, Phillip A. (1972), "The intermediate Jacobian of the cubic threefold", Annals of Mathematics, Second Series, 95 (2): 281–356, CiteSeerX 10.																																														
Traditional debarking is conducted in order to create a fence post or fence stake which would then go on to be pointed before being planted.																																														
The following abbreviations are used:  cubic yards, cubic yard, cubic yds, cubic yd cu yards, cu yard, cu yds, cu yd, CYs yards/-3, yard/-3, yds/-3, yd/-3 yards^3, yard^3, yds^3, yd^3 yards³, yard³, yds³   =																																														
In Dutch and German, a closely related unit called kuub (Dutch), short for kubieke meter,  or "Kubikmeter" (German) which differs from a stere.																																														
The cord is one of three legal standards for the sale of firewood in Canada:  stacked cubic metre, cubic foot, and cord.																																														
Green wood contains more moisture than seasoned wood, which has been dried through passage of time or by forced drying in kilns.																																														
Often wood to be used for fine products, such as furniture, is kiln dried to stabilize it and minimise the shrinkage of the finished product.																																														
The log or stake is then pressed against blades or knives which remove the bark while the log is turned to ensure the removal of bark from all around the log.																																														
The clone's resistance to Dutch Elm Disease is not known, but the species is highly susceptible to the disease and Elm Yellows; it is also moderately preferred for feeding and reproduction by the adult Elm Leaf Beetle Xanthogaleruca luteola, and highly preferred for feeding by the Japanese Beetle Popillia japonica  in the United States.																																														
A traditional sweet snack made of finely sliced, sun-dried breadfruit chips deep-fried in coconut oil and dipped in heated treacle or sugar syrup is known as rata del petti.																																														
Its edible blue-black berries are harvested for jams, but are eaten fresh too - a legend tells that anyone who eats a calafate berry will be certain to return to Patagonia.																																														
medullare) that have been allowed to dry out naturally in the field, rather than being harvested while still young like the normal garden pea.																																														
It is one of the most commonly used magnolias in horticulture, being widely planted in the British Isles, especially in the south of England; and in the United States, especially the east and west coasts.																																														
It is a hybrid of two citrus cultivars — 'King' (Citrus nobilis) × 'Willow Leaf' (Citrus × deliciosa) — first developed by Howard B. Frost, at the University of California Citrus Experiment Station.																																														
The flowers of both sexes are borne in 7–20 cm long, upright catkins, the male flowers in the upper part and female flowers in the lower part.																																														
The plant is native to most of Europe and northern and central Asia, but has widely naturalised elsewhere in the world.																																														
As trees mature the trunks and branches take on a sculptural quality with long longitudinal, irregular ridges and valleys.																																														
The American Elm cultivar Ulmus americana 'Klehmii' was cloned from a tree growing at Arlington Heights by Mr Charles Klehm, proprietor of the Charles Klehm & Son nursery.																																														
The flowers have five petals and are usually white or purple with yellow centers, though there is a blue variant that resembles the tomato flower.																																														
They are cuffs (Russian: porútchi) made of thickened fabric, usually brocade, that lace onto the wrists of a bishop, priest, or deacon.																																														
In the early 20th century, golfers often wore an argyle pattern tank top with their brogues, flat caps and plus fours.																																														
The trousers had drawstrings on the trouser cuffs and waist and cloth straps inside the cargo pockets that could be used to support heavy items.																																														
Popularized during the terms of Jawaharlal Nehru, these distinct Bandhgalas made from khadi remain popular to this day.																																														
While generally made from plain, single color fabrics, variants include duo tone bowling shirts and print patterned aloha shirts.																																														
The presence of the mandarin collar on the ACU makes the wearing of body armor more comfortable by lifting the collar up to prevent chafing.																																														
A raglan sleeve is a sleeve that extends in one piece fully to the collar, leaving a diagonal seam from underarm to collarbone.																																														
Other applications of this neckline include warm-weather apparel, evening wear, such as evening gowns or cocktail dresses, and as a year-round stylistic detail which allows for the display of necklaces and décolletage.																																														
It is named after Lord Raglan, the 1st Baron Raglan, who is said to have worn a coat with this style of sleeve after the loss of his arm in the Battle of Waterloo.																																														
High-end hiking jackets often have an integral gilet inside them, that can be zipped on and off and can be insulated with down.																																														
They are sometimes found on prehistoric ceramics and stone containers, such as on pots from ancient Egypt, Hembury ware, claw beakers, and boar spears.																																														
Developed as agricultural tools in prehistoric times, picks have evolved into other tools such as the plough and the mattock.																																														
Most of the methods involve throwing an axe into the ground, or swinging it into a tree, and interpreting the direction of the handle or the quivering of the blade.																																														
Both types consist of a wide, thin blade, with pronounced "horns" at both the toe and heel of the bit.																																														
A bearded axe, or Skeggøx (from Old Norse Skegg, "beard", and øx, "axe") refers to various axes, used as a tool and weapon, as early as the 6th century AD.																																														
Since the introduction of sawmills and modern power tools, the use of this tool is now uncommon in manufacturing but still used in restoration carpentry or undeveloped regions.																																														
In The Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck, pick handles were used against migrant farmers, and Georgia governor Lester Maddox famously threatened to use a similar, more slender axe handle to bar blacks from entering a "white" restaurant in the heated days of the American civil rights movement of the 1960s.																																														
As always, a hammer should be avoided when striking a hard steel tool, as it damages the tool by mushrooming it and may even cause cracking.																																														
This complex construction (i.e. forged thin and incorporating a harder type of steel near the edge) results in a lively and quick weapon with devastating cutting ability.																																														
Chinese Taipei RosterManager: Lin Hua-wei (林華韋) Coaches: Hung I-chung (洪一中), Yeh Chih-shien (葉志仙), Lu Ming-tsu (呂明賜), Wu Fu-lien (吳復連), Hsieh Chang-heng (謝長亨)   =																																														
This article lists the confirmed squads for the 2002 Women's Hockey World Cup tournament held in Perth, Australia, between November 24 and December 8, 2002.																																														
He was the 28th head football coach at the Geneva College in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania, serving for 17 seasons, from 1976 to 1992, and compiling a record of 76–82–2.																																														
Yuko Aizawa Noriko Koiso Naomi Yoshiro Sachiko Ishikawa AI Mittani Mayumi Funabiki Ryoko Yano Jumiko Yamada Asami Yoshido Yuko Oga Riko Tanaka Ryoko Utsumi coach: Tomohide Utsumi   =																																														
In addition, he served as the head coach of The College of New Jersey from 1989 to 1993 Currently, he is an assistant coach at Florida Gulf Coast.																																														
Head coach: Jacobus Adriaanse  GK Saad Abdulla Al-Sheeb Al-Sadd Qatar GK Muhannad Naim Hussain Al-Sadd Qatar FW Ali Hassan Afif Al-Sadd Qatar FW Hassan Khaled Al Haydos Al-Sadd Qatar MF Mohammed Al Yazidi Al-Sadd Qatar MF Abdulkareem Al-Ali Al-Rayyan SC Qatar DF Khaled Abulraaof Al Zerequi Al-Saad Qatar FW Moayad Hassan Al-Gharafa Qatar DF Murad Naji Kamal Hussein Al-Rayyan Qatar DF Khalid Muftah Mayuuf Al-Wakrah Qatar DF Al-Mahdi Ali Mukhtar Al-Sadd Qatar MF Nasser Saad Nabil Saleem Al-Sadd Qatar MF Fadhi Said Omar Qatar SC Qatar DF Abdul Ghafoor Murad Al-Rayyan Qatar DF Hamood Al-Yazidi Al-Sadd Qatar FW Abdulaziz Al-Anzari Al-Sadd Qatar DF Ziad Mohammed Al-Khatib Al-Arabi Qatar MF Hamad Al-Obeidi Al-Rayyan SC Qatar DF Tahir Zakaria Muhammad Al-Sadd Qatar MF Abdelaziz Hatem Mohammed Abdullah Al-Arabi SC Qatar   =																																														
He was a coach at Watford under manager Walter Mazzarri, having previously coached under him at Inter Milan and Napoli.																																														
Head coach: Georg Strumilo Second coach: Aimed Saidani 2012 Olympic Games African qualifiers  Fatma-Zohra Oukazi, Faïza Tsabet, Lydia Oulmou, Mouni Abderrahim, Melinda Hanaoui, Tassadit Aïssou, Salima Hamouche, Safia Boukhima, Aicha Mezmat, Zohra Bensalem, Silya Magnana and Nawel Mansouri.																																														
He was the 13th head football coach at Howard Payne University in Brownwood, Texas, serving for seven seasons, from 1972 to 1978, compiling a record of 28–42–2.																																														
He played college football at the University of Texas from 1937 to 1939 under head coach Dana X. Bible, captaining in 1939.																																														
Tomlin succeeded George Cole as head football coach in 1943 when Cole left to serve in the United States Navy.																																														
My Cat Likes to Hide in Boxes is a very popular New Zealand children’s book, which has also attained popularity in the United Kingdom and Canada.																																														
The authors included: Chapter 1 by Nevada Barr Chapter 2 by Nora Roberts, credited as J. D. Robb Chapter 3 by Nancy Pickard Chapter 4 by Lisa Scottoline Chapter 5 by Perri O'Shaughnessy, pen name of Mary O'Shaughnessy and Pam O'Shaughnessy Chapter 6 by J. A. Jance Chapter 7 by Faye Kellerman Chapter 8 by Mary Jane Clark Chapter 9 by Marcia Talley Chapter 10 by Anne Perry Chapter 11 by Diana Gabaldon Chapter 12 by Val McDermid Chapter 13 by Laurie R. King   =																																														
With the plot span between 23rd and 39th centuries, it embraces several novels, tales and stories, some of which are within the five collected stories.																																														
Matt Berman of Commonsense Media describes the book as being "tame to the point of being lame", while Chris Sherman of Booklist says that "Robinson's suspenseful romp will delight fans of previous books".																																														
Carter's novels Shadow Dance, Several Perceptions (1968) and Love (1971) are sometimes referred to as the "Bristol Trilogy".																																														
It tells the story of Bliss Cavendar, a girl from the fictional town of Bodeen, Texas, whose mother wants her to compete in beauty pageants, and seeks escape in the world of roller derby.																																														
The press was subsequently put on hiatus on 31 March 2009 due to the late-2000s recession causing extremely low preorders where "Within four days all sales ceased" and vocal criticism on Horror Mall's The Haunt forum of the high price, $175 for the limited edition and $500 for the lettered edition, three times the price of a standard Cargo Cult limited and double the price of a Cargo Cult lettered edition.																																														
Beowulf, in comics, may refer to:  Beowulf (DC Comics), a DC Comics character and eponymous series starting in Beowulf, a 1984 graphic novel, First Graphic Novel #1, from First Comics Beowulf, a 2005 series from Speakeasy Comics Beowulf, a 2006 series from Antarctic Press Beowulf, a 2007 mini-series, and film adaptation, from IDW Publishing Beowulf, a 2007 graphic from HarperCollins Beowulf: The Graphic Novel, a 2007 graphic novel from Markosia Gods of War, A 2016 Marvel series where Beowulf appears.																																														
There is a difference of opinion between the schools of Shammai and Hillel as to the force of the law of muktzeh, specifically the application of the carrying prohibition to holy days.																																														
The plot centers around the discovery of an apparent gryphon skull (in reality a skull from a dinosaur), and the efforts of Sostratos to get the skull back to scholars for study.																																														
The San Francisco Film Critics Circle Award for Best Adapted Screenplay is given by the San Francisco Film Critics Circle (since 2006).																																														
Wireless Internet Protocols are able to deliver XHTML pages to appropriate wireless devices without the need for HTTP to WAP proxies.																																														
While UDDI was intended to serve as a service directory and become the means to discovering web services, many vendors discontinued their UDDI solutions or repositories between 2005-2008, including Microsoft, SAP, IBM, among others.																																														
The Application Isolation API (JSR 121) provides a specification for isolating and controlling Java application life cycles within a single Java Virtual Machine (JVM) or between multiple JVMs. An isolated computation is described as an Isolate that can communicate and exchange resource handles (e.g. open files) with other Isolates through a messaging facility.																																														
The service does not use conventional DNS name server software, such as BIND, instead relying on a custom-designed implementation, conforming to the DNS standards set forth by the IETF.																																														
These are several examples of bastion host systems/services:  DNS (Domain Name System) server Email server FTP (File Transfer Protocol) server Honeypot Proxy server VPN (Virtual Private Network) server Web server   =																																														
The Internet Stream Protocol (ST) is a family of experimental protocols first defined in Internet Experiment Note IEN-119 in 1979, and later substantially revised in RFC 1190 (ST-II) and RFC 1819 (ST2+).																																														
A web feed is a document (often XML-based) whose discrete content items include web links to the source of the content.																																														
The World Wide Web Consortium, which sets standards for the construction of web pages, recommends that web sites be designed in accordance with its standards, and be arranged to "fail gracefully" when presented to a browser which cannot deal with a particular standard.																																														
Sometimes, a customer can opt-out of this service, but the opt-out is frequently not implemented at the same layer as the spoofing.																																														
browsh Charlotte Web Browser (for VM/CMS) Emacs/W3 & EWW for GNU Emacs Line Mode Browser (by Tim Berners-Lee) Links ELinks Lynx (and derivatives ALynx and DosLynx) w3m   =																																														
It was marketed during the 1990s and early 2000s for use in branch operations and for small businesses to run their back office operations.																																														
The Greece men's Under-20 national basketball team (Greek: Εθνική ομάδα καλαθοσφαίρισης Νέων Ανδρών Ελλάδας, (Greek young men's national basketball team)) is the representative for Greece in international Under-20 age basketball competitions, and it is organized and run by the Hellenic Basketball Federation (E.O.K.) The Greece men's Under-20 national basketball team represents Greece at the FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship.																																														
Jim Bunn, former U.S. congressman Stan Bunn, former Oregon Superintendent of Public Instruction Dante Rosario, professional football player   =																																														
On the SM-65 Atlas, the LR-101 verniers were used for roll control and to fine-tune the vehicle attitude after the main engine cutoff.																																														
The new figure disproved the hypothesis that an undiscovered Planet X acted upon the orbits of Neptune and Uranus.																																														
Academic Leagues include various Science Leagues (which include the highly successful physics, biology, earth science, and chemistry teams), Math League (a consistent leading county contender), and the Academic Bowl.																																														
The microwave limb sounder (MLS) experiments measure (naturally occurring) microwave thermal emission from the limb (edge) of Earth's upper atmosphere.																																														
The IB Program offers various standard level (SL) and higher level (HL) IB courses in subjects such as English, history, mathematics, physics, chemistry, and biology.																																														
They use a Native American for their team mascot, named the "Red Raider," using the colors red and white.																																														
In 2012, both the girls basketball and boys basketball teams went to the state Division 1 basketball finals, though both were unsuccessful.																																														
Launch Complex 10 (LC-10) at Cape Canaveral Space Force Station, Florida was a launch pad used by SM-64 Navaho missiles, and later Jason sounding rockets and the Alpha Draco research missile.																																														
The design was modified and refined by successive rockets; the last launch of an ARS rocket took place on May 9, 1937.																																														
A vegetable coulis is commonly used on meat and vegetable dishes, and it can also be used as a base for soups or other sauces.																																														
The 1924 Wightman Cup was the 2nd edition of the Wightman Cup, the annual women's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain.																																														
Due to this reason both immature and over-ripe fruits are not suitable for making jelly and only ripe fruits are used.																																														
The most commercially important of these are:  (-)-cis-γ-irone, and (-)-cis-α-ironeIrones form through slow oxidation of triterpenoids in dried rhizomes of the iris species, Iris pallida.																																														
It currently contains Adelolophus (from Utah), possibly Angulomastacator (from Texas), Charonosaurus (from China), Parasaurolophus (from Utah, New Mexico, China and Alberta) and Tlatolophus (from Mexico).																																														
One example is the infructescence of Ananas, which is formed from the fusion of the berries with receptacle tissues and bracts.																																														
Black cumin can refer to the seeds of either of two quite different plants, both of which are used as spices:  Elwendia persica, black cumin is considered similar to caraway, but they are two distinctly different plants.																																														
Special names for specific types of curses can be found in various cultures:  African American hoodoo presents us with the jinx and crossed conditions, as well as a form of foot track magic which was used by Ramandeep, whereby cursed objects are laid in the paths of victims and activated when walked over.																																														
The precinct was formed in 1834 from Belleview Precinct as part of Illinois Precinct (comprising modern-day Carlin and Crater Precincts) and was separated in 1839.																																														
Berry colors are due to natural phytochemicals, including plant pigments, such as anthocyanins, together with other flavonoids localized mainly in berry skins, seeds and leaves.																																														
It is closely related to Aloe microstigma which occurs in and around the Little Karoo to the south, and to Aloe microstigma subsp.																																														
If the abrasion is painful, a topical analgesic (such as lidocaine or benzocaine) can be applied, but for large abrasions, a systemic analgesic may be necessary.																																														
LoudnessMinoru Niihara - vocals Akira Takasaki - guitars Masayoshi Yamashita - bass Munetaka Higuchi - drumsProductionMasatoshi Sakimoto - engineer, mixing Kazumi Tokue, Nobuko Shimura, Tadashi Hashimoto - assistant engineers Yoichi Aikawa - mastering Nobuo Naka, Yukichi Kawaguchi - supervisors Noricazu Shimano - executive producer   =																																														
The air inside the chamber has its own resonances, and these interact with the resonances of the body, altering the resonances of the instrument as a whole.																																														
Horn, 1906)  Pentacomia rietscheli Wiesner, 2007  Pentacomia rugipennis (Kollar, 1836)  Pentacomia sericina (Klug, 1834)  Pentacomia smaragdula (Dejean, 1825)  Pentacomia speculifera (Brulle, 1837)  Pentacomia vallicola Huber, 1999  Pentacomia ventralis (Dejean, 1825)   =																																														
The frequency and strength of the resonances of the body of a musical instrument have a significant impact on the tone quality it produces.																																														
The most notable exceptions are some electrically amplified instruments like the solid body electric guitar or the electric violin, and the piano which uses only a sound board instead.																																														
However, in these cases the box resonance is carefully tuned so as to make the sound more equal across frequencies, rather than to impart a particular character to the reinforced sound.																																														
As of 2014, the frequency of the surname Muralles was highest in the following countries:  In the United States, the frequency of Muralles was 1: 1,949.																																														
When a wave enters the chamber, it bounces back and forth within the chamber with low loss (See standing wave).																																														
Many patients diagnosed with a malignancy or another disease requiring treatment that may impair their fertility consider alternatives to bearing biological children, such as assisted reproductive technology (ART) using in vitro fertilization (IVF) with donor eggs or donor sperm.																																														
Nullisomy is caused by non-disjunction, during meiosis that causes two of the gametes to have no chromosomal material, leaving the other two gametes to have double the amount of chromosomal material (disomic).																																														
Sex chromosome anomalies belong to a group of genetic conditions that are caused or affected by the loss, damage or addition of one or both sex chromosomes (also called gonosomes).																																														
Rather, it is recommended that in vitro fertilization should be offered to women with unexplained infertility when they have not conceived after two years of regular unprotected sexual intercourse.																																														
The physical abuse related to infertility may result from this and the emotional stress that comes with it.																																														
The emotional strain and stress that comes with infertility in the household can lead to the mistreatment and domestic abuse of a woman.																																														
Reproductive surgery in women has largely been complementary to other ART methods such as medication, except for in tubal infertility, where surgery remains the main treatment.																																														
Blocked fallopian tubes are unable to let the ovum and the sperm converge, thus making fertilization impossible.																																														
Other risk factors include surgical procedures that break the cervical barrier, such as:  endometrial biopsy curettage hysteroscopyAnother risk is factors that alter the microenvironment in the vagina and cervix, allowing infecting organisms to proliferate and eventually ascend to the Fallopian tube:  antibiotic treatment ovulation menstruation sexually transmitted disease (STD)Finally, sexual intercourse may facilitate the spread of disease from the vagina to the Fallopian tube.																																														
The smooth- and coarse-haired hounds were used for hunting in Istria (see the article on Motovun for photographs of the sort of mountainous terrain they were bred to hunt) while the Posavaz Hound is from the Sava Valley.																																														
Bordering communes are Borgo San Giacomo, Corte de' Cortesi con Cignone (CR), Pontevico, Quinzano d'Oglio, Robecco d'Oglio (CR) and Verolanuova.																																														
It was originally identified in several cystic fibrosis patients at Boston Children's Hospital, and is believed to exist in only three hospitals worldwide; Boston, Texas, and England.																																														
According to the American Kennel Club, the Miniature Pinscher should be 10–12+1⁄2 inches (25–32 cm) high with most desirable height 11–11+1⁄2 inches (28–29 cm) at the highest point of the shoulder blades.																																														
The Shukin is rare type of goldfish even in Japan, although the breed is becoming popular in the US with advanced hobbyists.																																														
The earliest records surrounding the development of the Standard Schnauzer in Germany come from the late 19th century.																																														
Hunt Terrier (not "hunting terrier") refers to types of terrier dogs that were attached to British "hunts", horse-oriented social clubs devoted to chasing the red fox on horseback, following packs of hounds.																																														
The breed is one of a number of similar rough-coated sheep herding-type breeds found throughout Europe including the Briard and Berger Picard from France, the Barbado da Terceira and Cao da Serra de Aires from the Azores and Portugal, the Polish Lowland Sheepdog from Poland, the Gos d'atura from Catalonia, the Pastore Fonnese from Sardinia, the Bearded Collie, Border Collie, Rough Collie and extinct Welsh Hillman from Britain, the Schafpudel from Germany, and the Schapendoes from Holland, as well as the Armant from Egypt (descended from French Briards).																																														
Black with red-brown markings on the head, chest, legs, feet, and tail are also permitted, as well as a white star on the chest (according to the American Rare Breed Association).																																														
The exact origins of spitz dogs are not known, though most of the spitzes seen today originate from the Arctic region or Siberia.																																														
These were of mixed types, similar either to what would become the Lhasa Apso or to what would become the Tibetan Terrier; they were collectively known as "Lhasa Terrier".																																														
Examples include: Alexander disease Canavan disease Krabbe disease leukoencephalopathy with vanishing white matter megalencephalic leukoencephalopathy with subcortical cysts metachromatic leukodystrophy X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy   =																																														
Minor's disease, a syndrome involving the sudden onset of back pain and paralysis caused by haemorrhage into the spinal cord substance, was named after the Russian neurologist, Lazar Salomowitch Minor (1855–1942).																																														
A metabolic disorder is a disorder that negatively alters the body's processing and distribution of macronutrients such as proteins, fats, and carbohydrates.																																														
Complex conditions for which medications are heavily advertised, including conditions like ADHD in adults, present a more challenging situation.																																														
Epidermal nevus syndrome (also known as "Feuerstein and Mims syndrome", and "Solomon's syndrome": 775 ) is a rare disease that was first described in 1968 and consists of extensive epidermal nevi with abnormalities of the central nervous system (CNS), skeleton, skin, cardiovascular system, genitourinary system and eyes.																																														
Types include: Palmoplantar ectodermal dysplasia type 1 or Pachyonychia congenita type I Palmoplantar ectodermal dysplasia type 3 or Acrokeratoelastoidosis Palmoplantar ectodermal dysplasia type 4 or Papillon–Lefèvre syndrome Palmoplantar ectodermal dysplasia type 5 or Tyrosinemia type II Palmoplantar ectodermal dysplasia type 6 or Olmsted syndrome Palmoplantar ectodermal dysplasia type 8 or Meleda disease   =																																														
Lethargy can be a normal response to inadequate sleep, overexertion, overworking, stress, lack of exercise, improper nutrition, boredom, or a symptom of an underlying illness or a disorder.																																														
The term "Minor's syndrome" is now only rarely used in connection with his work and is increasingly being used, both inside and outside the medical profession, to refer to superior canal dehiscence syndrome (SCDS), first described in 1998 by Dr. Lloyd B. Minor of The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, USA.																																														
The MICS is believed to be a cause of survival paradoxes seen in these distinct patient populations, also known as reverse epidemiology populations.																																														
However, there have been studies claiming that these symptoms alone are sufficient to diagnose the condition of atypical depression.																																														
The cave was featured in the September 2007 issue of National Geographic magazine and has attracted many scientists and researchers interested in finding new species of troglobites, organisms that live in the complete darkness afforded by caves.																																														
The Bull Thistle Cave Archaeological Site is an archaeological site on the National Register of Historic Places, located in Tazewell County, Virginia.																																														
The arch, formed when the river Ardèche broke through a narrow escarpment between its meander, is 59 metres (194 ft) wide and 34 m (112 ft) high at the top of the opening.																																														
The cave offers guided tours year round in both German and English although the opening hours vary by season.																																														
Speleology is the scientific study of caves and other karst features, as well as their make-up, structure, physical properties, history, life forms, and the processes by which they form (speleogenesis) and change over time (speleomorphology).																																														
A karst fenster is caused by a caving in of portions of the roof of a subterranean stream, thus making some of the underground stream visible from the surface.																																														
Many of these formations are dry, with the same colour as the surrounding rock, but a few are semi-transparent.																																														
Cave of the Winds Clarksville Cave Ellenville Fault Ice Caves Howe Caverns Lockport Cave Schroeder's Pants Cave Tory Cave   =																																														
The Caves of Hotton are speleothem caves located in Wallonia near Hotton in Belgium, which were discovered in 1958 and are around 5 or 6 km long and 70 metres deep.																																														
Access to the cave is via an enormous sinkhole that allows access to both Northern and Southern sections although the Northern half is substantially longer.																																														
The site is notable for containing both the oolitic limestone of the northern Cotswolds, and the fossil-bearing limestone found further south.																																														
Unlike other methods, this technique requires only a small amount of liquid making it suitable for measuring interfacial tensions of expensive liquids.																																														
Other sampling methods smooth the data by sampling the current at the electrode only once per drop at a specific size.																																														
At the interface of a vapor and a liquid/solid, the gas interaction with the liquid/solid dominates the gas behavior, and the gas is, very locally, not in equilibrium.																																														
If the radius of the sphere is called R, the radii of the spherical segment bases are r1 and r2, and the height of the segment (the distance from one parallel plane to the other) called h, then the volume of the spherical segment is                         V         =																																														
This is a consequence of the fact that particle surfaces are not smooth on the molecular scale, therefore condensation only occurs about the scattered points of actual contacts between the two spheres.																																														
J.S. Rowlinson and B. Widom, Molecular Theory of Capillarity (Clarendon, Oxford, 1982) Blokhuis, Edgar M.; Kuipers, Joris (2006).																																														
In hydraulic engineering a free-surface jet is one where the entrainment of the fluid outside the jet is minimal, as opposed to submerged jet where the entrainment effect is significant.																																														
In a surface tension measurement, the measurement probe has a contact angle of zero and the surface tension can be obtained by measuring the mass of the menisci.																																														
The collision length is smaller than the nuclear interaction length because the latter excludes the elastic and quasi-elastic (diffractive) reactions from its definition.																																														
This method for determining the surface tension may be more precise than the original method, especially for fluids whose surface is highly active.																																														
The bubble pressure method makes use of this bubble pressure which is higher than in the surrounding environment (water).																																														
The flattop grill is a versatile platform for many cooking techniques such as sautéing, toasting, simmering, shallow frying, stir frying, pan frying, browning, blackening, grilling, baking, braising, and roasting, and can also be used for flambéing.																																														
The stock, usually lamb, is well-seasoned with cinnamon, ginger, turmeric or another coloring agent like saffron, and fresh herbs such as cilantro and parsley.																																														
The potatoes are cooked by slow stewing in a closed pot with fat (lard, beef dripping or butter may be used) and often a  small amount of water or sometimes other liquids, such as milk, stock or meat jelly.																																														
In some islands, e.g. Barbados, Antigua, or the Virgin Islands, cou-cou may be cooked without okra, and goes by the name fengi, fungie, or fungi.																																														
The noodles are typically stir-fried with beef cutlets, bok choy, and onion, or with pork and Chinese yellow chives.																																														
Sinangag (Tagalog pronunciation: [sinɐˈŋag]), also called garlic fried rice or garlic rice, is a Filipino fried rice dish cooked by stir-frying pre-cooked rice with garlic.																																														
Tiradito differs from ceviche in two ways: tiradito is sliced, while ceviche is cubed; and tiradito is sauced immediately before service, hence raw, while ceviche is marinated beforehand, hence "cooked".																																														
It is roasted and sometimes eaten with boiled potatoes or mote, while in the hotter regions, it goes by the name of tripita.																																														
The first known fried pickle recipe was printed in the Oakland Tribune on November 19, 1962, for "French Fried Pickles," which called for using sweet pickle slices and pancake mix.																																														
The meat is cured in a coarse salt for multiple days before being hung to dry under a fire for multiple days or weeks, depending on the size of meat.																																														
Steam blanching systems inject hot air (~100 °C) onto food as it passes through the blanching system on a conveyor belt.																																														
List of metropolitan economies in the United Kingdom Core Cities Group Combined authority List of towns and cities in England by population List of urban areas in the United Kingdom Metropolitan and non-metropolitan counties of England Travel to work area List of metropolitan areas in Europe by population List of metropolitan areas by population for the world Larger urban zone   =																																														
Economy of Bahrain  Economic rank, by nominal GDP (2007): 96th (ninety-sixth) US-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement Agriculture in Bahrain Banking in Bahrain Bahraini dinar Bahrain Stock Exchange Banks of Bahrain Arab Banking Bank of Bahrain and Kuwait HSBC Bank Middle East Kuwait Finance House National Bank of Bahrain Shamil Bank of Bahrain Communications in Bahrain Internet in Bahrain .																																														
Mikhail Konstantinovich Anikushin (Russian: Михаил Константинович Аникушин; (19 September 1917, Moscow – 18 May 1997, Saint Petersburg) was a famous Soviet and Russian sculptor.																																														
New temples announced for Mexico, Nevada, Church News, April 17, 1999 "Ground is broken for Reno temple", Church News, July 31, 1999 "Dedication dates set for Reno and Cochabamba temples", Church News, March 25, 2000 Dockstader, Julie (April 29, 2000), "Reno temple: Easter Day dedication brings hope", Church News "Facts and figures: Reno Nevada Temple", Church News, April 29, 2000   =																																														
Zitenga	(644 inhabitants) (capital) Andem	(1 798 inhabitants) Bagtenga	(913 inhabitants) Barkoundouba-Mossi	(716 inhabitants) Bendogo	(644 inhabitants) Bissiga-Mossi	(597 inhabitants) Bissiga- Yarcé	(1 700 inhabitants) Boalla	(494 inhabitants) Dayagretenga	(981 inhabitants) Dimianema	(1 056 inhabitants) Itaoré	(504 inhabitants) Kogmasgo	(448 inhabitants) Kolgdiessé	(410 inhabitants) kologkom	(422 inhabitants) Komnogo	(176 inhabitants) Lallé 	(1 015 inhabitants) Leléxé	(1 280 inhabitants) Lemnogo	(1 409 inhabitants) Nagtaoli	(281 inhabitants) Nambéguian	(704 inhabitants) Nioniokodogo Mossi	(375 inhabitants) Nioniokodogo peulh	(1 122 inhabitants) Nioniopalogo	(669 inhabitants) Nonghin	(1 237 inhabitants) Ouatinoma	(964 inhabitants) Pedemtenga	(1 316 inhabitants) Poédogo	(419 inhabitants) Sadaba	(3 788 inhabitants) Samtenga	(401 inhabitants) Souka	(528 inhabitants) Tamasgo	(1 127 inhabitants) Tampanga	(312 inhabitants) Tampelga	(1 084 inhabitants) Tampouy-Silmimossé	(124 inhabitants) Tampouy-Yarcé	(1 203 inhabitants) Tanghin	(989 inhabitants) Tanghin Kossodo peulh	(336 inhabitants) Tankounga	(2 009 inhabitants) Tanlili	(1 696 inhabitants) Tiba	(477 inhabitants) Toanda	(1 039 inhabitants) Yamana	(1 222 inhabitants) Yanga	(354 inhabitants) Yargo	(871 inhabitants) Zakin	(573 inhabitants) Zéguédéguin	(346 inhabitants)   =
Centered in Houston, the area is now a continuously urbanized from the coastal areas of Galveston extending through the northern side of the metro area, including The Woodlands, Conroe, and Spring, going up to Huntsville.																																														
The flag of Tbilisi, capital of Georgia, is a rectangular white banner with a blue Nordic-type cross outlined in amber that extends to edges of the flag.																																														
The Monterrey metropolitan area is composed of the municipalities/cities of:  Apodaca Cadereyta Jiménez Escobedo García Guadalupe Juárez Monterrey Salinas Victoria San Nicolás de los Garza San Pedro Garza García Santa Catarina SantiagoThere are three adjacent towns that do not maintain continuous urban development with the core urban area.																																														
Soudougui (2 456 inhabitants) (capital) Bagmoussa (1 024 inhabitants) Boudangou (4 995 inhabitants) Boudou (816 inhabitants) Diakarga (1 643 inhabitants) Diakarga-Peulh (561 inhabitants) Dienbende (3 376 inhabitants) Dienbende–Diori (978 inhabitants) Kamse (1 892 inhabitants) Kandaghin (520 inhabitants) Kianghin (498 inhabitants) Koadjidjoal (169 inhabitants) Konianwende (383 inhabitants) Koudiorgou (1 516 inhabitants) Koulpalga (874 inhabitants) Koulsonde (1 600 inhabitants) Koultianga (1 117 inhabitants) Konyelenbere (307 inhabitants) Modaogo (2 450 inhabitants) Nabangou (1 155 inhabitants) Naloanga (1 047 inhabitants) Napade (2 804 inhabitants) Napiga (427 inhabitants) Noulibouli (388 inhabitants) Pilogre (720 inhabitants) Sandiaba (1 248 inhabitants) Sisse (451 inhabitants) Sitipiga (1 432 inhabitants) Sologo (1 247 inhabitants) Soudoubila (1 591 inhabitants) Vilianga-Gourma (1 113 inhabitants) Vilianga-Mossi (2 383 inhabitants) Waidjoaga (1 474 inhabitants) Waidjoaga-Peulh (302 inhabitants) Yoabghin (1 371 inhabitants) Youanga (212 inhabitants) Zongo (674 inhabitants) Zoungou-Peulh (107 inhabitants)   =																																														
Kogho	(3 780 inhabitants) (capital) Bassemkoukouri	(807 inhabitants) Bendogo	(1 122 inhabitants) Bissighin	(950 inhabitants) Kogho-Peulh	(78 inhabitants) Linonghin	(465 inhabitants) Rimalga	(196 inhabitants) Ronsin	(365 inhabitants) Santi	(573 inhabitants) Tangandogo	(564 inhabitants) Tanghin-1	(1 730 inhabitants) Tanghin-2	(591 inhabitants) Tanlallé	(778 inhabitants) Tensobtenga	(1 463 inhabitants) Tollinghin	(1 580 inhabitants) Zorgo	(594 inhabitants)   =																														
The Metropolitan areas of Italy are statistical areas denoting a region consisting of a densely populated urban core and its less-populated surrounding territories in the Italian republic.																																														
Altaf A. Wani, Ph.D. is retired a professor in the Department of Radiology and the Department of Cellular and Molecular Biology at Ohio State University (OSU).																																														
AAPHP's objectives now include advocacy on behalf of all public health physicians and Health Officers, whether employed in public or private settings, or academia.																																														
The National Youth Organisation (NYO) is a representative body of students and young people in the Republic of Ireland, which focuses on issues that affect young people.																																														
The preface of the first volume noted the shift towards chronic health conditions like cancer and heart disease.																																														
William H. Welch (1920–1927) Roscoe Hyde (1927–1938) Martin Frobisher (1938–1948) David Bodian (1948–1957) Philip E. Sartwell (1957–1958) Abraham G. Osler (1958–1965) Neal Nathanson (1965–1979) George W. Comstock (1979–1988) Moyses Szklo (1988–2019) Enrique Schisterman (2019–present)   =																																														
A consecutive case series is a clinical study that includes all eligible patients identified by the researchers during the study registration period.																																														
Later, Guam Memorial Hospital closed their psychiatric unit and Guam Department of Mental Health became the only location for adult inpatient psychiatric services.																																														
He was also visiting lecturer in couple of African schools of Medicine (Rwanda, Burundi, Mozambique, and Kenya among others) from 2001 to 2013.																																														
In "The 21st-Century Brain" (2006), Steven Rose applies the term to the use of psychoactive drugs to "cure" depression, implying that the underlying cause of depression is not simply low levels of certain chemicals in the brain (such as serotonin) that these drugs treat.																																														
The Journal of Interprofessional Care aims to disseminate research and new developments in the field of interprofessional education and practice.																																														
She said that at least between 1997 and 2003, health policy across the UK reflected some of the ideas set out in the Black and Acheson Reports.																																														
Talha ibn Tahir (طلحة بن طاهر; died 828) was the Tahirid governor of Khurasan from 822 until his death.																																														
Just as Hannah is about to do the same to Starr, James digs himself out of the grave and attacks her, managing to distract her long enough for Starr to bash her unconscious with a shovel, with the police arriving just in time to arrest her.																																														
During a surprise trip to Paris, Alex Delaware's girlfriend Robin announces that she will be working as part of the road crew for a rock music tour, while Alex remains at home.																																														
Born in Stillwater, Minnesota, he became lieutenant governor when Joseph A. A. Burnquist was elevated to governor, upon the death of Winfield Scott Hammond.																																														
Jack tries to discourage Katie from taking the case to trial, explaining that she could be sentenced to life in prison.																																														
Between 733 and 741, she exchanged poetry with Atsumi no Ōkimi under the name Kume no Jorō (久米 女郎, lit.																																														
(During her testimony, it is shown that Jimmy told her she'd have to kill him and offered her the rifle, but she kept resisting because she loved him too much.																																														
He was the second of Saddam's attorneys to be killed by unknown forces, his death coming less than three weeks after Saadoun Sughaiyer al-Janabi was also killed.																																														
Now a strong career woman, Liza got revenge on Tad by seducing him into bed, breaking up his marriage to Dixie Cooney.																																														
Sir Roger Appleton, 1st Baronet (died 1613) Sir Henry Appleton, 2nd Baronet (died 1649) Sir Henry Appleton, 3rd Baronet (died 1670) Sir Henry Appleton, 4th Baronet (died 1679) Sir William Appleton, 5th Baronet (c.																																														
He pulls off his disguise and reveals himself as her love, and assures him that now he knows her love is true.																																														
Peter agrees and upon seeing Lois pulling out of the driveway, throws Stewie behind her car, making it appear as if Lois ran him over to induce her guilt.																																														
Before the canon restructuring in 2014, each article progressed by describing the subject's incarnation in the movies if applicable, and moving on to Expanded Universe material; finally, there was often a "Behind the Scenes" section which described the subject's real-world history, inspiration, and production.																																														
While Berman said that Roddenberry had "all but stopped writing and rewriting" by the end of the third season, his final writing credit on the show (a co-teleplay credit) actually occurred considerably earlier, appearing on "Datalore", the 13th episode of the first season.																																														
Seasons 5 and 6 of Hang Time were filmed together as a single production, so the cast for the fifth and sixth seasons of Hang Time was the same:   Daniella Deutscher as Julie Connor Megan Parlen as Mary Beth Pepperton Adam Frost as Michael Manning Amber Barretto as Kristy Ford Danso Gordon as Kenny "Silk" Hayes Phillip Glasser as Eugene Brown Jay Hernandez as Antonio Lopez Dick Butkus as Coach Mike Katowinski   =																																														
His big break in acting was in Jamie Kennedy's film Malibu's Most Wanted when he played the role of Tec, Shondra's (Regina Hall) ex-boyfriend.																																														
The villain is played by a different actor each week in a minor role, until the last episode where he wears a thick striped blazer like a boating one.																																														
Daytime Emmy Award  Nomination, 2005, Drama Series, All My Children Nomination, 2004, Editing, All My Children Win, 2003, Directing, All My Children Nomination, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003; Directing, All My Children Nomination, 2002, Editing, All My Children Win, 2001, Editing, All My Children Nomination, 2000, Editing, All My Children Nomination, 1999, Editing, All My Children   =																																														
Prior to Astroman's arrival, the Intimidators were America's Domestic Strike Unit, but were seldom sent into action because of their callous attitude and bloody disregard for human life.																																														
Jenna and Pete Hornberger (Scott Adsit) persuade Liz to ask out The Head, a low-maintenance and harmless geek, but as she goes to do so, she runs into The Hair, a suave and handsome charmer, who asks her out instead.																																														
He then went on to work at Leo Burnett advertising, where its executive creative director Yasmin Ahmad is also a filmmaker, as an account executive, but felt he did not belong there.																																														
Starring and written by Matt Berry and Rich Fulcher with additional material by Nick Gargano, it aired on BBC Three in 2006.																																														
Competing in three Winter Olympics, he and Pierre Lueders won the gold medal in the two-man event (shared with Italy) at Nagano in 1998.																																														
For athletes competing in both events, the same time was used (see table above for the results).																																														
Niger competed at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics, the inaugural Youth Olympic Games, held in Singapore from 14 August to 26 August 2010.																																														
Le Stand de Tir de Versailles (English: Versailles Shooting Stand) is a firing range located in Versailles, France in the Le Parc des Sports de Versailles (English: Versailles Sports Park).																																														
1940 Olympics refers to both:  The 1940 Winter Olympics, which were originally to be held in Sapporo, Japan before being relocated to Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany, but were cancelled due to World War II The 1940 Summer Olympics, which were originally to be held in Tokyo, Japan before being relocated to Helsinki, Finland, but were cancelled due to World War II The 1940 Olympics took place in 1940, in the summer.																																														
Lidiya Nikolayevna Alfeyeva (Ukrainian: Лiдiя Николiевна Алфеева, Russian: Лидия Николаевна Алфеева; 17 January 1946 – 18 April 2022) was a Soviet athlete who mainly competed in the women's long jump event during her career.																																														
Eva Viola Elisabet "Ewa" Olliwier (later Lundqvist, 13 January 1904 – 7 August 1955) was a Swedish diver, who won bronze medals in the 10 m platform at the 1920 Summer Olympics and 1927 European Aquatics Championships.																																														
Judges:  Mr. H. Cederblom  Sweden Mr. O. Wollert  Sweden Mr. C. F. Mellin  Sweden Mr. L. Lindqvist  Sweden Mr. Ivar Hult  Sweden   =																																														
She who won the bronze medal with Ganna Sorokina in the Women's 3m Synchronized Springboard competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.																																														
Four years later, Varley was 50th in the 300 metre military rifle, three positions event and 27th in the 600 metre free rifle event.																																														
Ma Chih-hung (Chinese: 馬志鴻; pinyin: Mǎ Zhìhóng; sometimes listed as Chih-Hung Ma; born November 5, 1985 in Pingtung County, Taiwan) is an aboriginal Taiwanese luger who has competed since 2003.																																														
This genus contains these species:  Baker's small-toothed harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys bakeri Short-nosed harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys brevirostris Sonoran harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys burti Volcano harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys chrysopsis Chiriqui harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys creper Darien harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys darienensis Fulvous harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys fulvescens Slender harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys gracilis Hairy harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys hirsutus Eastern harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys humulis Western harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys megalotis Mexican harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys mexicanus Small-toothed harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys microdon Plains harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys montanus Reithrodontomys musseri Nicaraguan harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys paradoxus Salt marsh harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys raviventris Rodriguez's harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys rodriguezi Cozumel harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys spectabilis Sumichrast's harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys sumichrasti Narrow-nosed harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys tenuirostris Zacatecas harvest mouse, Reithrodontomys zacatecae   =																																														
With current ink technology, the total CMYK ink in the shadows refuses to stick after it reaches the dark shadows (usually above a 250% total CMYK coverage), and begins to peel off.																																														
In occultism, pact ink is the specially prepared ink that a contract with the devil must be written in, otherwise the contract is invalid.																																														
Christ College, located in Rajkot, India, is the first English medium College in Arts and Science in the Saurashtra-Kachchh region.																																														
Within the CMY color space used in color printing, a range of colors can be achieved by combining the three primary colors.																																														
Shading is typically an important component for these types of tattoos as they will fade over a period of years without strong black tones, which provide contrast and allows the tattoo to stand out.																																														
Darkness is the second single released from the album The Tension and the Spark, released by Australian singer Darren Hayes in 2004.																																														
The gallery of his native city, Ferrara, possesses some of his work: Virgin reading and Tancred and Armida.																																														
If the grey component is replaced by black ink, the same color is being achieved by using two primaries and black.																																														
He played college football at Fresno State and was selected by the Buffalo Bills in the first round of the 1990 NFL Draft.																																														
Smith was known for a fumble in a Monday Night Football game against the Kansas City Chiefs while trying to score a touchdown, and led the Steelers in touchdown receptions in 1971.																																														
The result is known as the Gauss–Wantzel theorem:  A regular n-gon can be constructed with compass and straightedge if and only if n is the product of a power of 2 and any number of distinct Fermat primes (including none).																																														
Despite the two losses to Mexico, the U.S. qualified for the World Cup with a tie and win over Cuba.																																														
), a Passover song based on the religious meanings of the first thirteen numbers Bible code, a purported set of secret messages encoded within the Torah.																																														
Edmund Hess, (1883) Einleitung in die Lehre von der Kugelteilung mit besonderer Berücksichtigung ihrer Anwendung auf die Theorie der Gleichflächigen und der gleicheckigen Polyeder [1].																																														
He was a 6'1", 175 lb guard born in Jersey City, New Jersey and attended the University of Connecticut and played in the American Basketball Association (ABA) from 1974 to 1976 with the Spirits of St. Louis and Denver Nuggets.																																														
However, 2,2,4,4,6,8,8-heptamethylnonane is by far the most important isomer of cetane and so, historically, it has ended up with this name.																																														
The 1993 William & Mary Tribe football team represented the College of William & Mary as member of the Mid-Atlantic Division of the Yankee Conference during the 1993 NCAA Division I-AA football season.																																														
It is not used in the Arabic alphabet itself, but is used to represent an aspirated [ʈʰ] in Sindhi, a language mainly spoken in Pakistan.																																														
However, their handling is slightly different: when thinned with water to a considerably liquid phase, water miscible oil paint tends to feel and behave like watercolor (although, unlike watercolor, and to a greater extent than traditional oil, it may lose adhesion to the ground or support if over-thinned); by contrast, when used as a short paste without water for heavy impasto work, it tends to drag, developing a consistency somewhat "gummier" or tackier than the more buttery one characteristic of oils.																																														
It may be prepared via a base-catalyzed multiple-addition reaction between acetaldehyde and 3 equivalents of formaldehyde to give pentaerythrose (CAS: 3818-32-4), followed by a Cannizzaro reaction with a fourth equivalent of formaldehyde to give the final product.																																														
SU-8 is proven to be a biocompatible material   and is often used in fields of bioelectronics, bio-MEMS, lab-on-a-chip and μTAS for life science applications.																																														
Although it is claimed by many that it is made from ground hematite or iron oxide mixed with a resin, analysis (of one object) has demonstrated it to be an entirely artificial compound, a barium-strontium ferrite.																																														
There are companies that are solely dealing with overspray and offering additional protection to cars while painting.																																														
These solvents typically have a higher boiling point, together with the favorable solvent properties of lower-molecular weight ethers and alcohols.																																														
The activator's role is to disrupt the molecular and intermolecular bonds in the paint film and assist with weakening this.																																														
When done with Fujifilm FP-100C, the picture is placed in water near the boiling point and then submerged in cold water.																																														
The intent is to create a contiguous surface by filling imperfections such as surface air voids created by bughole-induced outgassing, to level a surface for aesthetic reasons, or to prepare a surface for topcoating with an additional form of protective coating.																																														
Often, because a paint is too opaque, painters will add a medium like linseed oil or alkyd to the paint to make them more transparent and pliable for the purposes of glazing.																																														
Mixed with an ordinary polymer, it forms a material which can be applied to other materials such as metal, glass, plastic, plant fibers or leaves.																																														
A person may also be sexually objectified, made into a thing for others' sexual use, rather than seen as a person with the capacity for independent action and decision making; or sexuality is inappropriately imposed upon a person.																																														
For example, the genus Alsobia is a segregate from the genus Episcia; The genera Filipendula and Aruncus are segregates from the genus Spiraea.																																														
These taboos normally only applied to adults; Native American children often went naked until puberty if the weather permitted (an 11 or 12-year-old Pocahontas scandalized the Jamestown settlers by appearing at their camp and cartwheeling in the nude).																																														
In hunter-gatherer and pastoral cultures in warm climates nudity or minimal dress had been the social norm for both men and women prior to contact with Western cultures or Islam.																																														
The order of Naga Sadhus, conspicuous in the processions and bathing ritual at the Kumbh Mela, use nudity as a part of their spiritual practice of renunciation.																																														
The Women's 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2010 Commonwealth Games as part of the athletics programme was held at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on Saturday 9 October 2010.																																														
Ombra della sera (Italian for "Shadow of the evening") is an Etruscan statue from the town of Velathri, later Volterra.																																														
201 AD: The first known liturgy of baptism is recorded by Saint Hippolytus of Rome, which insists on complete nudity for all participants, even down to the removal of jewellery and hair fastenings.																																														
Budapest City Atlas, Szarvas-Dimap, Budapest, 2011, ISBN 978-963-03-9124-5 Magyarország autóatlasz, Dimap-Szarvas, Budapest, 2004, ISBN 963-03-7576-1 Clinics and hospitals of the University of Pécs   =																																														
Double-yolked eggs seldom lead to successful hatchlings without human intervention, as the chicks interfere with each other's hatching process and do not survive.																																														
Double-yolk eggs occur when ovulation occurs too rapidly, or when one yolk becomes joined with another yolk.																																														
Ascorbyl palmitate is an ester formed from ascorbic acid and palmitic acid creating a fat-soluble form of vitamin C.  In addition to its use as a source of vitamin C, it is also used as an antioxidant food additive (E number E304).																																														
The proteins function partly as food in their own right, and partly in regulating the storage and supply of the other nutrients.																																														
For example, in some species the amount of yolk in an egg cell affects the developmental processes that follow fertilization.																																														
A11AA01 Multivitamins and iron A11AA02 Multivitamins and calcium A11AA03 Multivitamins and other minerals, including combinations A11AA04 Multivitamins and trace elements   =																																														
The Jōmon pottery (縄文土器, Jōmon doki) is a type of ancient earthenware pottery which was made during the Jōmon period in Japan.																																														
The manufacture of proto-fritware began in Iraq in the 9th century AD under the Abbasid Caliphate, and with the establishment of Samarra as its capital in 836 there is extensive evidence of ceramics in the court of the Abbasids both in Samarra and Baghdad.																																														
Early examples of stoneware have been found in China, naturally as an extension of higher temperatures achieved from early development of reduction firing, with large quantities produced from the Han dynasty onwards.																																														
Its translucency suggested that glass might be an ingredient, so many experiments combined clay with powdered glass (frit), including the porcelain made in Florence in the late 16th century under the patronage of the Medicis.																																														
The electrical charge of the clay particles is neutralized by the addition of a deflocculant, which assists in keeping the particles in suspension.																																														
By the end of early 7th century, its position as an elite product was eroded by mass production, and by the imports of the new three-color ceramics from Tang China.																																														
The Rouen paste was very light, lighter than any other French make except Sèvres porcelain, and clearly less amber than Saint-Cloud porcelain.																																														
Its type locality is Lone Creek Falls cave, Sabie, Pilgrim's Rest District Ehlanzeni, Mpumalanga Province, South Africa.																																														
In order to avoid cracking and breaking which come along with mixing a variety of different kinds of clay, potters generally use one white or very light clay as a base.																																														
At the turn of the 20th century the food industry began to rely increasingly on glass and canned food storage along with refrigeration.																																														
Chinese pottery also used techniques where patterns, images or calligraphy were created as part-dried slip was cut away to reveal a lower layer of slip or the main clay body in a contrasting colour.																																														
An average of five tropical cyclones form in the North Indian Ocean every season with peaks in May and November.																																														
Continuing its northwestward motion, the storm strengthened further and peaked early on October 3 with maximum sustained winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) and a minimum barometric pressure of 1,008 mbar (29.																																														
The summer maximum temperature is about 25 °C (77 °F), dropping to nearly 5 °C (41 °F) in winter and has a moderate rate of precipitation and average humidity of 45%.																																														
During the hyperactive period, more hurricanes were steered towards the Gulf coast as the Azores High was shifted to a more southwesterly position near the Caribbean.																																														
Block 185 of Green Canyon is known as Bush Hill and is a well known cold seep with a wide array of tube worms.																																														
While afternoon highs in Mobile are slightly cooler than those in Alabama's inland cities, the warm nights produced by proximity to the Gulf of Mexico results in the average annual temperature for Mobile being the highest in the state.																																														
Bayadha effectively forms the inner southern suburbs of El Oued, and is well connected to both the central city and the outer southern suburbs in Robbah.																																														
The climate of Central Province is generally cooler than that of the rest of Kenya, due to the region's higher altitude.																																														
The subsident (sinking) air is relatively dry because as it descends, the temperature increases, but the moisture content remains constant, which lowers the relative humidity of the air mass.																																														
Over increasingly cold waters, the cyclone further weakened to a depression on October 3 and consisted of a small swirl of low-level clouds.																																														
The name Arthur has been used for seven tropical cyclones in the Atlantic Ocean and  for three in the South Pacific Ocean.																																														
This species gets its common name from the call males use to attract females, which sounds somewhat like a pig's grunt.																																														
and when disturbed they crawl over the scorpions but flattened and froze when the scorpions walked over them.																																														
The specific name pruinatus refers to the frosted appearance of this frog when alive and is derived from the Latin pruina (=																																														
Dryophytes arboricola, commonly known as the arboreal treefrog, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to the Sierra Madre del Sur in Guerrero state, Mexico.																																														
The dorsal surface of this frog is a dark or pale, rich brown, with broad irregular, lighter bands on each side of the frog starting from the back of the eye.																																														
It is found in the Gaoligong and Hengduan Mountains in Yunnan, China (including the eponymous Longchuan) and in adjacent northern Vietnam (Lai Châu Province), and possibly in Myanmar.																																														
laticeps) are free-swimming but endotrophic, meaning they do not eat but live on stored yolk until metamorphosis into frogs.																																														
They have smooth back with scattered warts and low ridges and short dermal projections on top of the eyelids (the "horn").																																														
It is a locally abundant species, but it is only from two localities and its population is suspected to be decreasing because of ongoing habitat loss and deterioration.																																														
Note that while large parts of Cona County are located within Arunachal Pradesh in the area that is controlled by India but claimed by China, Mama is on the Tibetan side of the border.																																														
According to the 2022 version of Outline of Fungi and fungus-like taxa, the Didymosphaeriaceae contains 33 genera and about 254 species.																																														
The material was first claimed by Ruff and Wallstein who reduced zirconium tetrachloride with aluminium to give impure samples.																																														
These reagents are considered environmentally benign,[(κ3-TACN)Mn] + H2O2 + NaHCO3 + (C6H5)C2H3→ [(κ3-TACN)Mn]  + 2H2O + CO2 +  (C6H5)C2H2OChromium (II) sources, e.g. created by heating CrCl3.																																														
Bismuth atoms are in two different environments, both of which have 7 coordinate Bismuth atoms, 4 in a near planar rectangle and three more distant making an irregular 7-coordination group.																																														
20) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction  1-(4-amino-2-methylpyrimid-5-ylmethyl)-3-(beta-hydroxyethyl)-2- methylpyridinium bromide + H2O                         ⇌                 {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons }    1-(4-hydroxy-2-methylpyrimid-5-ylmethyl)-3-(beta-hydroxyethyl)-2- methylpyridinium bromide + NH3The 3 substrates of this enzyme are 1-(4-amino-2-methylpyrimid-5-ylmethyl)-3-(beta-hydroxyethyl)-2-, methylpyridinium bromide, and H2O, whereas its 3 products are 1-(4-hydroxy-2-methylpyrimid-5-ylmethyl)-3-(beta-hydroxyethyl)-2-, methylpyridinium bromide, and NH3.																																														
Ferrocenium salts are one-electron oxidizing agents, and the reduced product, ferrocene, is relatively inert and readily separated from ionic products.																																														
The extraction of the metals – nickel, iron, cobalt, copper – entails chemical processes such as smelting that poses environmental risks.																																														
The main gold-bearing vein was named the "St. David's lode", and in 1860 arrangements were made with the Crown Estate to work the gold commercially.																																														
Trioxane is combined with hexamine and compressed into solid bars to make hexamine fuel tablets, used by the military and outdoorsmen as a cooking fuel.																																														
Element symbols for chemical elements normally consist of one or two letters from the Latin alphabet and are written with the first letter capitalised.																																														
The Prévost reaction is chemical reaction in which an alkene is converted by iodine and the silver salt of benzoic acid to a vicinal diol with anti stereochemistry.																																														
Isothiocyanic acid, HNCS, is a Lewis acid whose free energy, enthalpy and entropy changes for its 1:1 association with a variety of Lewis bases in carbon tetrachloride solution at 25 °C have been reported.																																														
Paul Gerber (1863–1919), who published poetry under the pseudonym Heinrich Garibert George Duncan Gibb (1821–1876) Morell Mackenzie (1837–1892) Felix Semon (1849–1921) St Clair Thomson (1857–1943) Chevalier Jackson (1865–1958) Victor Negus (1887–1974) Georges Portmann (1890–1985) Sir John Milsom Rees (1866–1952) Oliver St John Gogarty   =																																														
The prelaryngeal lymph node (also known as the Delphian lymph node) sits anterior to the median cricothyroid ligament.																																														
The topographic structure which is externally visible and colloquially called the "Adam's apple" is caused by an anatomical structure of the thyroid cartilage called the laryngeal prominence or laryngeal protuberance protruding and forming a "bump" under the skin at the front of the throat.																																														
The hyoepiglottic ligament is an elastic band connecting the anterior surface of the epiglottis to the upper border of the body of the hyoid bone.																																														
Among the elderly, dysphonia is associated with both naturally occurring anatomical and physiological changes as well as higher rates of pathological conditions.																																														
Lingual thyroid may be asymptomatic, or give symptoms such as dysphagia (difficulty swallowing), dysphonia (difficulty talking) and dyspnea (difficulty breathing).																																														
This epithelium is five to twenty-five cells thick with the most superficial layer consisting of one to three cells that are lost to abrasion of the vocal folds during the closed phase of vibration.																																														
The term laryngeal consonant is also used for laryngealized consonants articulated in the upper vocal tract, such as Arabic 'emphatics' and Korean 'tense' consonants.																																														
The ILP is mostly composed of elastic fibers, while the DLP has fewer elastic fibers, and more collagenous fibers.																																														
Covered by the aryepiglottic folds, the cuneiforms form the lateral aspect of the laryngeal inlet, while the corniculates form the posterior aspect, and the epiglottis the anterior.																																														
Several types of containers are sometimes called cardboard box:   In business and industry, material producers, container manufacturers, packaging engineers, and standards organizations, try to use more specific terminology.																																														
For many foods, especially those in their own individual containers such as canned vegetables, the common container is the corrugated fiberboard box, Corrugated boxes  are available in many sizes.																																														
It is in many ways similar to the Wollaston prism, but one ray (the ordinary ray) passes through the prism undeviated.																																														
December 13, 2005: Rob Mackowiak was traded by the Pittsburgh Pirates to the Chicago White Sox for Damaso Marte.																																														
A cartoning machine which erects a folded carton, fills with a product or number of products vertically through an open end and closes by either tucking the end flaps of the carton or applying glue or adhesive, is called an end load cartoning machine.																																														
Specialized crates were designed for specific products, and were often made to be reusable, such as the "bottle crates" for milk and soft drinks.																																														
These are used to package a wide range of goods, and can be used for either one-time (non-resealable) usage, or as a storage box for more permanent use.																																														
Metal containersLonger term storage or storage of items needing a higher degree of protection from the elements may use sheet metal.																																														
This article lists the world's busiest container ports (ports with container terminals that specialize in handling goods transported in intermodal shipping containers), by total number of twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs) transported through the port.																																														
The commissure is the corner of the mouth, where the vermillion border of the superior labium (upper lip) meets that of the inferior labium (lower lip).																																														
Gerygone magnirostris includes the following subspecies: G. m. conspicillata - (Gray, GR, 1859) G. m. affinis - Meyer, AB, 1874 G. m. rosseliana - Hartert, 1899 G. m. brunneipectus - (Sharpe, 1879) G. m. magnirostris - Gould, 1843 G. m. cairnsensis - Mathews, 1912   =																																														
The superficially similar straight-billed reedhaunter is sometimes also included in Limnornis, but evidence suggests it is closer to Cranioleuca spinetails than it is to the curve-billed reedhaunter.																																														
The clutch of up to eight eggs is incubated by both parents typically for 12–14 days, with another 14–24 more days to fledging.																																														
The different Auriglobus species are very similar in appearance — greenish-golden or yellowish-golden above and pale below — but can be separated by morphometrics and meristics.																																														
The type species was designated as the blood-colored woodpecker (Veniliornis sanguineus) by the English zoologist George Robert Gray in 1855.																																														
It is found in Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Nigeria, Senegal, South Sudan, and Togo.																																														
Alternate names for the pale-mandibled aracari include the pale-billed araçari, red-backed aracari, red-rumped aracari and scarlet-rumped aracari.																																														
Recurve-billed bushbird (Clytoctantes alixii) Rondônia bushbird (Clytoctantes atrogularis)The name "bushbird" is shared with the rather similar, but smaller-billed black bushbird from the monotypic genus Neoctantes.																																														
A sharp hooked tip to the upper beakA furrow in the upper beak below the nasal openingsAn ossified septumVestigial or absent expansor secundariorum muscle   =																																														
of whether they are "flash protective", meaning they are protective of the wearer against (exclusively or inclusively) flame, fragmentation or impact.																																														
The licensing of designer names was pioneered by designers such as Pierre Cardin, Yves Saint Laurent, and Guy Laroche in the 1960s and has been a common practice within the fashion industry from about the 1970s.																																														
Comfort Blue (Now Blue Skies) Comfort Silk Comfort Pure Comfort Garden Fresh Comfort Vitality Comfort Easy Iron Comfort Fast Dry Comfort Passion Flower & Ylang Ylang Comfort Lavender Bloom (South Africa) Comfort Lily & Rice Flower Comfort Wild Pear & Ginkgo Comfort Mango & Citrus (Limited Edition) Comfort Mandarin & Green Tea Comfort Creme Almond Comfort Creme Jojoba Comfort Sunshine (Now Sunshiny Days) Comfort Naturals Aloe Vera Comfort Naturals Olive Blossom Comfort Naturals Jojoba & Orchid Comfort Tropical Comfort Tempting Nature Comfort Rainforest Comfort Twilight Sensations Jasmine & Black Gardenia Comfort Twilight Sensations Vanilla Comfort Exhilarations Strawberry & Lily Comfort Exhilarations Blueberry & Jasmine Comfort Exhilarations Melon & Lotus Flower Comfort Exhilarations Bluebell & Bergamot Comfort Bright Whites Comfort Bright Colours Comfort Original was available in 1 and 2 litre sizes.																																														
After this book's release, Compai went on to release three more books about reconstructing jeans, sweaters and scarves.																																														
Hipster-thrift-store-chic embraces nostalgia and irony by combining old trucker-caps and vintage bowling t-shirts with worn luxury goods like leather jackets, old military dress uniforms as a protest against the war in Iraq, or used business wear, such as tweed cloth sportcoats.																																														
Though many materials can be used to make form-fitting garments, the thinner materials, such as synthetic fibers, are the most commonly used, because of the smooth line that can be produced as well as their extra strength when pulled tight.																																														
Among the clients who buy these designer items are Hillary Rodham-Clinton and her daughter Chelsea Clinton, Jamie Lee Curtis, Bai Ling, Yasmin Le Bon, Michelle Yeoh, Cate Blanchett, Maggie Cheung and Faye Wong.																																														
This is a warm removable lining for a jacket, coat, or raincoat that is held in place with a zipper, snap fasteners, or buttons.																																														
Sometimes, men take the extra material and wrap it around their waist making a skirt on top of their pants, then wrap it around their shoulders.																																														
Thermoregulation in humans and thermophysiological comfort: Thermophysiological comfort is the capacity of the clothing material that makes the balance of moisture and heat between the body and the environment.																																														
Natural fibers are breathable and absorb moisture, and synthetic fibers are hydrophobic; they repel moisture and do not allow air to pass.																																														
I Gave You My Heart (Didn't I) is the third single taken from Hot Chocolate's 1983 album Love Shot.																																														
Kim Carnes' husky 1980 cover of the song hit the Top 10 of Billboard's Adult Contemporary and Hot 100 charts.																																														
Lately was released to radio on June 29, 2010, and the group's debut album was released on August 10, 2010, via Fontana Records.																																														
Every Time Two Fools Collide is a 1978 duet album by country music singers Kenny Rogers and Dottie West.																																														
Lead Vocals, All Instruments (except as noted below) – Dan Hartman Bass – Eddie Watkins Acoustic Piano – Billy Payne Oberheim DMX – Art Wood Additional Guitar – Richie Zito Percussion – Bobbye Hall Backing Vocals – Dan Hartman, Joe Pizzulo, Winston Ford Producers – Dan Hartman, Jimmy Iovine Recording Engineer – Dan Hartman Additional Recording Engineer – Shelly Yakus Assistant Mixing Engineer – Steve Krause Mastering – Steve Marcussen Mixing on "I Can Dream About You" – Humberto Gatica Additional Engineer on "I Can Dream About You" – Gabe Veltri Management – Robert A. Finkelstein   =																																														
This is a list of the European Music & Media magazine's European Hot 100 Singles and European Top 100 Albums number-ones of 1995.																																														
So when Anders needed a singer to sing "Burnin'", a song composed by him for the Swedish TV series Glappet, he asked Hjulström and they formed together a band called Cue.																																														
During an interview with mitú in 2021, Colombian singer-songwriter Maluma told the channel about Latin Music globalization: "This has been work that started with Ricky Martin's 'Livin' La Vida Loca' and Shakira like 15 or 20 years ago".																																														
For Whom the Bell Tolls is a song by the Bee Gees, released as the second single from their 20th studio album, Size Isn't Everything (1993), on 15 November 1993.																																														
The song has been included on several compilations of Simon's work, including the three-disc box set Clouds in My Coffee (1995), the two-disc Anthology (2002), and the single disc Reflections: Carly Simon's Greatest Hits (2004).																																														
Da Joint was released a week before the Back in Business album, making it to the first release by the newly reformed EPMD since the group's 1992 single, "Head Banger".																																														
One troupe of chimpanzees may exhibit a learned behavior unique from another troupe of chimpanzees, such as various tool usage.																																														
Imitated actions can range from simple motor tasks such as picking up a phone to violent actions such as hitting another person.																																														
The Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Seegebiet Mansfelder Land consisted of the following municipalities:  Amsdorf Aseleben Dederstedt Erdeborn Hornburg Lüttchendorf Neehausen Röblingen am See Seeburg Stedten Wansleben am See   =																																														
1584 – 1596 Oliver St John, 3rd Baron St John of Bletso 1596–1618 Thomas Wentworth, 1st Earl of Cleveland 1618–1667 Oliver St John, 2nd Earl of Bolingbroke 1667–1681 jointly with Robert Bruce, 1st Earl of Ailesbury 1671–1685 Thomas Bruce, 2nd Earl of Ailesbury 1685–1689 Paulet St John, 3rd Earl of Bolingbroke 1689–1711For later custodes rotulorum, see Lord Lieutenant of Bedfordshire.																																														
However, later studies have suggested that while neonatal imitation of tongue protrusion is widespread, the findings for the imitation of other gestures at this young age are more mixed.																																														
That is, men adapt themselves to the conditions in which they are placed and adapt means to their ends in such a way as to approach the most efficient manner of achieving these ends.																																														
Gua was brought into the Kellogg home at the age of 7+1⁄2 months, and reared with their son Donald, who was 10 months old at the time.																																														
Loulis was named for two caregivers (Louise and Lisa) at the Yerkes Regional Primate Research Center in Atlanta, Georgia, where he was born.																																														
Prosthechea flowers are unique among the Laeliinae in producing fluorescent flavenoid crystals when preserved in ethanol with 5% sodium hydroxide.																																														
1594–1596 Sir Thomas Mostyn 1596–1618 Sir John Wynn, 1st Baronet 1618–1627 Sir Richard Wynn, 2nd Baronet 1627–1646 Interregnum Sir Richard Wynn, 4th Baronet 1660–1674 Richard Bulkeley, 3rd Viscount Bulkeley 1679–1689 Lord Edward Russell 1689–1714 Peregrine Bertie, 2nd Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven 1714–1739 Sir William Yonge, 4th Baronet 1739–1755 Sir John Wynn, 2nd Baronet 1756–1773 Thomas Wynn, 1st Baron Newborough 1773–1781For later custodes rotulorum, see Lord Lieutenant of Caernarvonshire.																																														
Loulis is the only chimpanzee in the family who was not cross-fostered (he wasn't raised by humans but rather Washoe and the other chimpanzees).																																														
Generally, physical attractiveness can be viewed from a number of perspectives; with universal perceptions being common to all human cultures, cultural and social aspects, and individual subjective preferences.																																														
A summary of a study published by the National Institutes of Health found that certain facial features appeared in about 46% of continuing smokers and 8% of former smokers who had smoked a full decade while those same features were absent in a control group of non-smokers.																																														
Moreover, Pigeaud was also known because of his monumental study about Nagarakretagama and text catalogues of the manuscripts in the libraries of Netherlands, Denmark, and Germany.																																														
Studies have found that the closer women were to ovulation, the more provocatively they dress and the more attractive they are rated.																																														
A review of literature  illustrates that attractive males experience much greater social and economic advantages than attractive females.																																														
Benedict Jones is a research psychologist and lecturer at the University of Glasgow who studies the biological and social factors underlying face perception and preferences.																																														
MHC genes make molecules that enable the immune system to recognise invaders; generally, the more diverse the MHC genes of the parents, the stronger the immune system of the offspring.																																														
The term appears in Roderick Chisholm's "The Problem of the Criterion", and in the work of his student, Ernest Sosa ("The Raft and the Pyramid: Coherence versus Foundations in the Theory of Knowledge").																																														
Dakelh (also known as Carrier, Dakelhne, Takelne, Takulli, Taculli, Takulie, Porteur, Nagailer) Central Carrier (also known as Upper Carrier) Southern Carrier (also known as Lower Carrier) 28.																																														
Though attempts have been made to devise objective criteria of sexual attractiveness and measure it as one of several bodily forms of capital asset (see erotic capital), a person's sexual attractiveness is to a large extent a subjective measure dependent on another person's interest, perception, and sexual orientation.																																														
The Medical and Chirurgical Society of London was a learned society of physicians and surgeons which was founded in 1805 by 26 personalities in these fields who had left the Medical Society of London (founded 1773) because of disagreement with the autocratic style of its president, James Sims.																																														
The Union-Philanthropic Society currently meets in the Brinkley House, a 1920s era home that was previously the residence of longtime Critic and former President of the Society, John L. Brinkley '59.																																														
Notable people with this surname include:  Žydrūnas Savickas (born 1975), Lithuanian strongman Arūnas Savickas (born 1975), Lithuanian swimmer Frank Savickas (1935-2001), American politician   =																																														
Polygamy is theoretically illegal in Equatorial Guinea but is still commonly practiced and such unions are recognized by the nation's system of customary law; which provides those under such unions with exactly the same rights found under the country's civil marriages.																																														
EUGEO-Association of Geographical Societies in Europe European Geography Association EUROGEO-European Association of Geographers International Geographical Union World Geographers Association   =																																														
Section 21(1) of the Act provided:  "A marriage that takes place after the commencement of this Act, not being a marriage that is void, is voidable, where, at the time of the marriage: (a) either party to the marriage is incapable of consummating the marriage; (b) either party to the marriage is:  (i) of unsound mind; or (ii) a mental defective;(c) either party to the marriage is suffering from a venereal disease in a communicable form; or (d) the wife is pregnant by a person other than the husband, and not otherwise".																																														
Some are more social groups of individuals who appreciate a chance to discuss literature and the arts, or their favorite writer with others.																																														
However, unlike civil marriage, customary marriages do not grant men and women equal rights; with all of the rights falling into the husband's hands.																																														
Arranged as follows: Society name in English (Society name in home-language; Abbreviation if used)  American Mathematical Society Australian Mathematical Society Austrian Mathematical Society (Österreichische Mathematische Gesellschaft; ÖMG) Brazilian Mathematical Society Canadian Mathematical Society Chinese Mathematical Society Cyprus Mathematical Society Danish Mathematical Society Society of Mathematicians, Physicists and Astronomers of Slovenia (Društvo Matematikov Fizikov in Astronomov Slovenije, DMFA) Gabon Mathematical Society German Mathematical Society (Deutsche Mathematiker-Vereinigung; DMV) Hellenic Mathematical Society Indian Mathematical Society Institute of Mathematics and its Applications Iranian Mathematical Society Irish Mathematical Society Israel Mathematical Union Italian Mathematical Union János Bolyai Mathematical Society Kharkov Mathematical Society Latvian Mathematical Society Luxembourg Mathematical Society Mathematical Association Mathematical Association of America Mathematical Society of Japan Mathematical Society of the Philippines National Association of Mathematicians (US) Nepal Mathematical Society New Zealand Mathematical Society Norwegian Mathematical Society Norwegian Statistical Association Pakistan Mathematical Society Polish Mathematical Society Portuguese Mathematical Society Royal Spanish Mathematical Society (Real Sociedad Matemática Española) Royal Dutch Mathematical Society Royal Statistical Society French Mathematical Society (Société Mathématique de France; SMF) Society of Applied & Industrial Mathematicians Society of Mathematicians, Physicists and Astronomers of Slovenia South African Mathematical Society Spanish Society of Statistics and Operations Research Swiss Mathematical Society Turkish Mathematical Society   =																																														
Society of Friends of Science in Wilno (Polish: Towarzystwo Przyjaciół Nauk w Wilnie) was a Polish scientific society which functioned in Wilno (since 1945 Vilnius) from 1906 to 1939.																																														
Aphanisma is a monotypic genus which contains the sole species Aphanisma blitoides, a rare annual plant known by the common names San Diego coastalcreeper or simply aphanisma.																																														
The inflorescence is a cluster of several flowers toward the ends of the stems, with some flowers occurring below in leaf axils.																																														
It is native to California and northwestern sections of Mexico, where it can be found in moist areas on clay soil, such as vernal pools.																																														
The theca of an angiosperm consists of a pair of microsporangia that are adjacent to each other and share a common area of dehiscence called the stomium.																																														
The flowers are 5–7 cm long and have a distinctive funnel-shape with a greenish white colour that is spotted or streaked with maroon.																																														
This plant is native to the coastline of the western United States from Washington to central California, where it is a common resident of coastal bluffs and scrub.																																														
Salvia polystachya is a herbaceous perennial native to central Mexico and south into Guatemala and Panama, typically growing at elevations from 5,000 to 10,000 feet in mild climates where there is some summer rain.																																														
The hairy inflorescence is a coiling cluster of cylindrical white flowers, each about half a centimeter long and with five long protruding stamens.																																														
The branching stem grows erect when new and then the branches droop to the ground with age, forming a bushy clump or mat.																																														
Flowers are yellow and aromatic, with the tips of two outer petals curved outward from two central petals, borne in panicles at the top of branched stems 1.																																														
The female seed cones each have a single subterminal fertile cone scale with a single ovule developing into a seed.																																														
Although some demonstrators were arrested, the threat of large-scale intervention by security forces never materialized, with SED leader Helmut Hackenberg and others not receiving precise orders for such action from a surprised East Berlin.																																														
List of crime films before 1930 List of crime films of the 1930s List of crime films of the 1940s List of crime films of the 1950s List of crime films of the 1960s List of crime films of the 1970s List of crime films of the 1980s List of crime films of the 1990s List of crime films of the 2000s List of crime films of the 2010s List of crime films of the 2020s   =																																														
Szügyi commanded the Szent László Infantry Division during its entire existence between October 1944 and May 1945.																																														
Among other provisions, the Act provides immigration officers with several police-like powers, such as detention, entry, search and seizure.																																														
In the twenty-first century, academic scholarship and proponents of the Oxfordian theory of Shakespearean authorship noted the departure of the terms "heirs of the body" to the introduction of the phrase "natural issue" to refer to the line of succession, or Queen's heir to the throne:  that any one particular person, whosoever it be, is or ought to be the right heir and successor to the Queen's Majesty that now is (whom God long preserve) except the same be the natural issue of her Majesty's body Proponents contend this wording meant that any illegitimate child, or "natural issue", born to Queen Elizabeth I, would then be legal successor to the monarchy.																																														
III, c.74) was a British Act of Parliament passed in 1779 which introduced a policy of state prisons for the first time.																																														
1915 Lahore Conspiracy Case trial or First Lahore Conspiracy Case, was a series of trials held in Lahore (then part of the undivided Punjab of British India), and in the United States, in the aftermath of the failed Ghadar conspiracy from 26 April to 13 September 1915.																																														
(Ireland) Act 1807 c 26 Militia Pay (Great Britain) Act 1807 c 29 Plate Assay (Ireland) Act 1807 c 15 Police Magistrates, Metropolis Act 1807 c 42 Possession of Arms (Ireland) Act 1807 c 54 Post Office Act 1807 c 53 Post Office Act 1807 c 59 Practice in Court of Chancery Act 1807 c 40 Public Accountants, etc.																																														
In this section, the words of commencement were repealed by section 1 of, and Schedule 1 to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1948.																																														
José Óscar Sánchez Madan, born in Marianao on 10 December 1961 is a Cuban journalist and author in several Cuban newspapers, and a regular contributor of the Miami-based independent news agency CUBANET.																																														
The Coin Act 1575 also abolished (for coin clipping only) the penalties of corruption of blood and forfeiture of goods and lands.																																														
The Punkin Chuckin’ Contest turned out various machines, from trebuchets to air cannons, with one machine holding a spot in the Guinness Book of World Records.																																														
The saffron flag (bhagwa dhwaj) of the medieval Hindu warrior Shivaji was held in high esteem by the Hindu Mahasabha and Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) in the 1920s as a representative of Hindu resurgence and militaristic tradition.																																														
Malaia garnet or Malaya garnet is a gemological varietal name for light to dark slightly pinkish orange, reddish orange, or yellowish orange garnet, that are of a mixture within the pyralspite series pyrope, almandine, and spessartine with a little calcium.																																														
1)Virgil's Aeneid:Aurora now had left her saffron bed, And beams of early light the heav'ns o'erspread, When, from a tow'r, the queen, with wakeful eyes,  Saw day point upward from the rosy skies.																																														
Affandi (1907–1990) Ahmad Sadali (1924–1987), painter and lecturer at the ITB-Bandung Anak Agung Gde Sobrat (1912–1992) Basuki Abdullah (1915–1993) I Ketut Soki (b.																																														
Notable people with the name include:  Camille Pissarro (1830–1903) French Impressionist painterSons of Camille:  Félix Pissarro (1874–1897) painter, etcher and caricaturist Georges Henri Manzana Pissarro (1871–1961) French artist Lucien Pissarro (1863–1944) French painter, printmaker, and wood engraver Ludovic Rodo Pissarro (1878–1952) engraver Paul-Émile Pissarro (1884-1972) French impressionist and neo-impressionist painterGrandchildren of Camille:  Hugues Claude Pissarro (born 1935) French painter, son of Paul-Émile Orovida Camille Pissarro (1893–1968) British painter and etcher, daughter of Lucien Claude Bonin-Pissarro (1921–2021) French painterGreat-grandchildren of Camille:  Joachim Pissarro (born 1959) art historian Frédéric Bonin-Pissarro (born 1964) French painter   =																																														
1991), Dutch racing cyclist Andries Jan Pieters (1916–1952), Dutch collaborator with Nazis who was executed for war crimes Brandon Pieters (b.																																														
The club was founded in 2010 through the merger of newly promoted Serie D club Omega Bagaladi (based in Bagaladi) and Eccellenza club Melitese (based in Melito di Porto Salvo).																																														
Until 2014, Cheddars were marketed under the McVitie's brand, but are now marketed under the Jacob's brand.																																														
As a result of the reorganisation of the cantons of France which came into effect in 2015, the borders of the cantons are no longer related to the borders of the arrondissements.																																														
HKS is an abbreviation of three German colour manufacturers: Hostmann-Steinberg Druckfarben, Kast + Ehinger Druckfarben, and H. Schmincke & Co. The association of those three companies have defined the colours of the HKS system since 1968.																																														
Adams & A. Adams, 1864) Boreotrophon echinus Dall, 1918: synonym of Nipponotrophon echinus (Dall, 1918) Boreotrophon elegantulus (Dall, 1907): synonym of Warenia elegantula (Dall, 1907) (original combination) Boreotrophon fabricii (Møller, 1842): synonym of Scabrotrophon fabricii (Møller, 1842) Boreotrophon golikovi Egorov, 1992: synonym of Pagodula golikovi (Egorov, 1992) Boreotrophon gorgon Dall, 1913: synonym of Nipponotrophon gorgon (Dall, 1913) Boreotrophon hadalis Sysoev, 1992: synonym of Abyssotrophon hadalis (Sysoev, 1992) Boreotrophon ithitomus (Dall, 1919): synonym of Boreotrophon alaskanus Dall, 1902 Boreotrophon kamchatkanus Dall, 1902: synonym of Scabrotrophon kamchatkanus (Dall, 1902) Boreotrophon keepi (Strong & Hertlein, 1937): synonym of Boreotrophon pedroanus (Arnold, 1903) Boreotrophon maclaini Dall, 1902: synonym of Oenopota maclaini (Dall, 1902) Boreotrophon pagodus Hayashi & Habe, 1965: synonym of Nipponotrophon pagodus (Hayashi & Habe, 1965) Boreotrophon pagodus Egorov, 1993: synonym of Boreotrophon houarti Egorov, 1994 Boreotrophon panamensis Dall, 1902: synonym of Abyssotrophon panamensis (Dall, 1902) Boreotrophon paucicostatus Habe & Ito, 1965: synonym of Boreotrophon candelabrum (Reeve, 1848) Boreotrophon peregrinus Dall, 1902: synonym of Boreotrophon multicostatus (Eschscholtz, 1829) Boreotrophon shirleyi Cernohorsky, 1980: synonym of Metzgeria shirleyi (Cernohorsky, 1980) Boreotrophon smithi Dall, 1902: synonym of Nipponotrophon stuarti (E.																																														
The species listed above with an asterisk (*) are questionable and need further study to determine if they are valid species or synonyms.																																														
Adams, 1853) Ancilla osculata Sowerby, 1900: synonym of Bullia osculata (Sowerby, 1900) Ancilla pallida Perry, 1811: synonym of Babylonia spirata (Linnaeus, 1758) Ancilla pura Sowerby, 1892: synonym of Ancilla marmorata (Reeve, 1864) Ancilla rubiginosa : synonym of Amalda rubiginosa (Swainson, 1823) (original combination) Ancilla sumatrana Thiele, 1925: synonym of Ancillina sumatrana (Thiele, 1925)   =																																														
Zeuxis is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.																																														
61-66, October 1886  Kazutaka Amano, Trophonopsis Bucquoy, Dautzenberg and Dollfus, 1882 (Gastropoda, Muricidae) from the Plio-Pleistocene deposits in Japan, Paleontological Research 10(2):163-176.																																														
B. Fletcher, 1910) Platyptilia emissalis: synonym of Sinpunctiptilia emissalis (Walker, 1864) Platyptilia empedota: synonym of Marasmarcha empedota (Meyrick, 1908) Platyptilia euctimena: synonym of Bipunctiphorus euctimena (Turner, 1913) Platyptilia infesta: synonym of Inferuncus infesta (Meyrick, 1934) Platyptilia maligna Meyrick, 1913: synonym of Vietteilus vigens (Felder & Rogenhofer, 1875) Platyptilia patriarcha Meyrick, 1912: synonym of Bipunctiphorus dimorpha (T.																																														
Species within the genus Epidirona include:  Epidirona beachportensis (Cotton & Godfrey, 1938): synonym of Epideira beachportensis Cotton & Godfrey, 1938 Epidirona candida Laseron, 1954: synonym of Epideira candida (Laseron, 1954) Epidirona carinata Laseron, 1954: synonym of Epideira carinata (Laseron, 1954) Epidirona costifera Laseron, 1954: synonym of Epideira tuberculata (Laseron, 1954) Epidirona flindersi (Cotton & Godfrey, 1938): synonym of Epideira flindersi Cotton & Godfrey, 1938 Epidirona hedleyi Iredale, 1931: synonym of Epideira hedleyi (Iredale, 1931) Epidirona molleri Laseron, 1954: synonym of Epideira carinata (Laseron, 1954) Epidirona multiseriata (Smith E. A., 1877): synonym of Epideira multiseriata (E.																																														
Nevill, 1881) Rostellaria dentula Perry, 1811 : synonym of Tibia insulaechorab Röding, 1798 Rostellaria ionica Perry, 1811: synonym of Tibia fusus (Linnaeus, 1758) Rostellaria lorenzi Morrison, 2005: synonym of Rostellariella lorenzi Morrison, 2005 Rostellaria magna Mörch, 1852 : synonym of Tibia insulaechorab Röding, 1798 Rostellaria powisii Petit de la Saussaye, 1840 : synonym of Rimellopsis powisii (Petit de la Saussaye, 1840) Rostellaria rectirostris Lamarck, 1822 : synonym of Tibia fusus (Linnaeus, 1758) Rostellaria sinensis Perry, 1811 : synonym of Tibia fusus (Linnaeus, 1758) Rostellaria subulata Lamarck, 1801 : synonym of Tibia fusus (Linnaeus, 1758)   =																																														
Adams, 1800) Cingula eyerdami Willett, 1934: synonym of Onoba carpenteri (Weinkauff, 1885) Cingula forresterensis Willett, 1934: synonym of Onoba forresterensis (Willett, 1934) Cingula globulus: synonym of  Boreocingula globulus (Moller, 1842) Cingula griegi (Friele, 1879): synonym of Pusillina tumidula (G.																																														
Wood, 1828) Neritina clenchi Russell, 1940: synonym of Vitta clenchi (Russell, 1940) (new combination) Neritina comorensis Morelet, 1877: synonym of Clithon chlorostoma (G.																																														
2006) Onithochiton margaritiferum Rochebrune, 1883: synonym of Calloplax janeirensis (Gray, 1828): synonym of Rhyssoplax janeirensis (Gray, 1828) Onithochiton marmoratus Wissel, 1904: synonym of Onithochiton neglectus Rochebrune, 1881 Onithochiton nodosus Suter, 1907: synonym of Onithochiton neglectus Rochebrune, 1881 Onithochiton opiniosus Iredale & Hull, 1932: synonym of Onithochiton neglectus neglectus Rochebrune, 1881 Onithochiton pruinosum Rochebrune, 1884: synonym of Stenoplax purpurascens (C.																																														
Martingales, flash nosebands and grackle nosebands are permitted, although in the event of a tie-break, the horse wearing more traditional, simple tack will win.																																														
However, the German Friesian registry (FPZV, Friesenpferde Zuchtverband e. V.) and its American counterpart (FPZV USA) do allow their registered horses to be crossbred with other breeds, but they will not register the crossbred offspring.																																														
UN numbers from UN2101 to UN2200 as assigned by the United Nations Committee of Experts on the Transport of Dangerous Goods are as follows:   =																																														
Legs: The fetlocks can collect undesired amounts of mud, dirt, and burrs and may be trimmed for practical reasons.																																														
There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname Long, both in the Baronetage of England.																																														
In the winter, hoof picking removes packed snow from the horse's hooves, which can cause uncomfortable "snowballs".																																														
The practice of clipping the inside of the ears is also controversial, as the hairs inside the ear protect the inner ear from dirt and insects.																																														
Provides no leverage, but because open-faced bridles have no cavesson to prevent the horse from gaping its mouth open, it prevents the bit rings from being pulled through the mouth if strong pressure is applied.																																														
He won 98 all-around titles, a reserve world championship in stake race, six open and youth AQHA Superiors awards, and placed 15 times in the AQAH Youth World Show Top Ten.																																														
The subsidiary ledger balance is compared with its controlling account balance as part of the process of preparing a trial balance.																																														
In other words, an implicit cost is any cost that results from using an asset instead of renting it out, selling it, or using it differently.																																														
But at the end, the total cost of purchases and production are added to beginning inventory cost to give cost of goods available for sale.																																														
Factory overhead, also called manufacturing overhead or work overhead, or factory burden in American English, is the total cost involved in operating all production facilities of a manufacturing business that cannot be traced directly to a product.																																														
In throughput accounting, the cost accounting aspect of the theory of constraints (TOC), operating expense is the money spent turning inventory into throughput.																																														
When collection costs occur, the debtor has pay off debt to get the collector out of collection cost.																																														
Price variance (Vmp) is a term used in cost accounting which denotes the difference between the expected cost of an item (standard cost) and the actual cost at the time of purchase.																																														
If the firm cannot obtain a profit after deducting $10,000 a month for this implicit cost, it ought to move premises (or close down completely) and take the rent instead.																																														
Total cost of acquisition (TCA) is a managerial accounting concept that includes all the costs associated with buying goods, services, or assets.																																														
Capital costs are fixed, one-time expenses incurred on the purchase of land, buildings, construction, and equipment used in the production of goods or in the rendering of services.																																														
One Kingston valve serves a pair, but each tank has a vent riser, with air connections and stop valves in the vent riser.																																														
The plant was completed in 2001, and has a generating capacity of 545 megawatts provided by 2 natural gas fired gas turbines in a combined cycle configuration with one steam turbine.																																														
The reservoir has the capacity to operate for 15 hours at full power, and the discharge rate is around 40 cubic meters per second.																																														
The VT-1 reactor was the nuclear fission reactor used in a pair to power Soviet submarine K-27 as part of the Soviet Navy's Project 645 Кит-ЖМТ.																																														
HPT clearance control systems can be categorized as passive and active, active being controlled via a hydro-mechanical control or via FADEC (full authority digital engine control).																																														
The Pålsbu kraftverk hydro-electric plant was built to extract power from the water that draining from Pålsbufjorden down into Tunhovdfjorden.																																														
The World Nuclear Association has reported that “nuclear power generation suffered its biggest ever one-year fall through 2012 as the bulk of the Japanese fleet remained offline for a full calendar year”.																																														
It has been designed to take advantage of water being released for irrigation, and water released when the dam is full.																																														
The half-life of 242Pu is about 15 times that of 239Pu; so it is one-fifteenth as radioactive, and not one of the larger contributors to nuclear waste radioactivity.																																														
A senior president of General Atomics said in May 2015 that the world's best reactor for "developing new materials that will be able to endure the much higher temperatures, and endure the more energetic and neutron rich radiation environment inside the reactor", is the BOR-60.																																														
The official explanation was that the company had failed in its effort to find additional major investors to participate in the project.																																														
Watanabe Moritsuna (渡辺 守綱) (1542–1620) was a Japanese samurai of the Watanabe clan, who served the Tokugawa clan.																																														
On December 20th, 2019, Governor Gretchen Whitmer signed Bill 4311 and legalized online gambling within state lines.																																														
You must be 18 to enter a casino in Puerto Rico (18 is the legal gambling age), ID is needed for locals, and tourists need to show a passport to enter.																																														
Olga Krasilnikova Russian: Ольга Красильникова was a Russian woman who disguised herself as a man to fight in World War I. In 1915, she participated in nineteen battles in Poland, before being returned to Moscow because of a leg wound.																																														
American Eagle, in comics, may refer to:  American Eagle (DC Comics), a cartoon animal superhero and member of the Zoo Crew, published by DC Comics American Eagle (Marvel Comics), a Native American superhero appearing in Marvel Comics publications American Eagle (Standard Comics), a superhero published by Standard Comics during the Golden Age of Comics Blue Eagle (comics), a superhero appearing in Marvel Comics, originally known as American Eagle   =																																														
He adopted the cardinal's surname of Du Plessis and also inherited part of the cardinal's art collection and library and his Hôtel de Richelieu (later known at the Palais Brion, just west of the Palais-Cardinal).																																														
Casino Canberra, Canberra, Australia Grand Casino Belgrade Grand Casino Brussels (opened January 19, 2006) Grand Casino Luzern The Reef Hotel Casino, Cairns, Australia   =																																														
Soon afterward as part of the "Secret Invasion" storyline, a Skrull ship crashes in the Savage Land, releasing earlier versions of modern superheroes (who claim to be the originals replaced by Skrulls for some time, and who have escaped).																																														
New information on the genus Euthria (Mollusca: Buccinidae) from the Cape Verde archipelago, with the description of three new species.																																														
Around the time of its discovery, they were caught for food in such large numbers that they became virtually extinct by 1900.																																														
Tugali is a genus of small sea snails or limpets, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.																																														
Muricidae récoltés au cours de la campagne KARUBENTHOS 2 du MNHN dans les eaux profondes de Guadeloupe (Antilles Françaises) et description de trois nouvelles espèces des genres Pagodula et Pygmaepterys (Mollusca, Gastropoda).																																														
Chaetoderma abidjanense Scheltema, 1976 Chaetoderma afanasjevi Chaetoderma akkesiense Chaetoderma araucanae Chaetoderma argentum Chaetoderma bacillum Chaetoderma californicum Chaetoderma canadense Chaetoderma christikovi Chaetoderma elegans Scheltema, 1976 Chaetoderma eruditum Chaetoderma glaciale Chaetoderma hancocki Chaetoderma hawaiiense Chaetoderma indicum Chaetoderma intermedium Chaetoderma japonicum Chaetoderma kafanovi Chaetoderma lucidum Chaetoderma luitfriedi Chaetoderma majusculum Scheltema, 1976 Chaetoderma marinae Chaetoderma marinelli Chaetoderma marioni Chaetoderma marisjaponicum Saito & Salvini-Plawen, 2014 Chaetoderma militare Chaetoderma nanulum Chaetoderma nitens Chaetoderma nitidulum Chaetoderma odhneri Chaetoderma orientale Chaetoderma pacificum Chaetoderma pellucidum Chaetoderma productum Chaetoderma recisum Chaetoderma robustum Chaetoderma salviniplaweni Chaetoderma scabrum Chaetoderma scheltemae Chaetoderma sibogae Chaetoderma simplex Chaetoderma squamosum Chaetoderma tetradens Chaetoderma usitatum Scheltema, 1976 Chaetoderma vadorum   =																																														
The red-headed Amazon side-necked turtle, red-headed river turtle, or red-headed sideneck (Podocnemis erythrocephala) is a species of turtle in the family Podocnemididae.																																														
It was the name of Roderic, the last Visigothic King before the Moorish Islamic conquest, and the subject of many legends.																																														
As of August 2019 it contains six species, found in Ecuador, Guyana, Canada, and the United States: Tutelina elegans (Hentz, 1846) (type) – USA Tutelina formicaria (Emerton, 1891) – USA Tutelina harti (Emerton, 1891) – USA, Canada Tutelina purpurina Mello-Leitão, 1948 – Guyana Tutelina rosenbergi Simon, 1901 – Ecuador Tutelina similis (Banks, 1895) – USA, Canada   =																																														
This species occurs in the Caribbean Sea off Yucatan (at depths between 823 m and 1170 m), Mexico, and in the Gulf of Mexico; also off the Lesser Antilles.																																														
Pickard-Cambridge, 1896) – Mexico, Honduras Cesonia maculata Platnick & Shadab, 1980 – St. Kitts and Nevis Cesonia nadleri Platnick & Shadab, 1980 – Hispaniola Cesonia notata Chickering, 1949 – Mexico, Panama Cesonia pudica Chickering, 1949 – Panama Cesonia rothi Platnick & Shadab, 1980 – Southern California Cesonia sincera Gertsch & Mulaik, 1936 – USA, Mexico Cesonia trivittata Banks, 1898 – Southern California, Mexico Cesonia ubicki Platnick & Shadab, 1980 – Southern Arizona, Mexico   =																																														
The most common hybrid between South American camelids, huarizo tend to be much smaller than llamas, with their fibre being longer.																																														
This would make the living African wild ass a monotypic species with no subspecies, and at least question the existence of extinct subspecies like the Atlas wild ass.																																														
The Ponui or Ponui Island Donkey is a breed and feral population of domestic donkey from Ponui Island, in the Hauraki Gulf off New Zealand.																																														
It is native to the states of Chihuahua and Durango in Mexico, in which there are five known populations (all of which are believed to be small).																																														
Khan Jaqmaq (Arabic: خَان جَقْمَق, romanized: Ḵān Jaqmaq) is one of the few remaining khans in the Old City of Damascus, it was built by the Mamluk emir, Sayf ad-Din Jaqmaq who was governor of Damascus in 1418–20.																																														
The Atlas wild ass (Equus africanus atlanticus), also known as Algerian wild ass, is a purported extinct subspecies of the African wild ass that was once found across North Africa and parts of the Sahara.																																														
A pack animal, also known as a sumpter animal or beast of burden, is an individual or type of working animal used by humans as means of transporting materials by attaching them so their weight bears on the animal's back, in contrast to draft animals which pull loads but do not carry them.																																														
The flame-rumped sapphire (Hylocharis pyropygia) is a doubtfully valid species of hummingbird in the family Trochilidae known only from Brazil.																																														
: 15  It is one of the four recognised Senegalese horse breeds – the others being the M'Bayar, the Fleuve and the M'Par: 23  – and is highly valued for horse-racing.																																														
Here it gives off its posterior lateral nasal branches which spread forward over the conchæ and meatuses, anastomose with the ethmoidal arteries and the nasal branches of the descending palatine, and assist in supplying the frontal, maxillary, ethmoidal, and sphenoidal sinuses.																																														
The area is located behind the nostril and in front of the eye, but below the line that runs between the centers of each.																																														
A superior mouth is a mouth that opens upward, with the lower jaw more anterior than the upper jaw.																																														
Amphibians also have a vomeronasal organ, lined by olfactory epithelium, but, unlike those of amniotes, this is generally a simple sac that, except in salamanders, has little connection with the rest of the nasal system.																																														
There is a small island located at the mouth of the Pass, called Motu Fara, with an area of 4 acres (16,000 m2).																																														
The term nasometry is generally used to refer to non-invasive techniques for measuring the size of the opening, as opposed to endoscopic or other visual methods.																																														
Innervation of the nasal cavity responsible for the sense of smell is via the olfactory nerve, which sends microscopic fibers from the olfactory bulb through the cribriform plate to reach the top of the nasal cavity.																																														
Though all four nostrils were on the outside the head of the aquatic ancestors of modern tetrapods, the nostrils for outgoing water (excurrent nostrils) migrated to the inside of the mouth, as evidenced by the discovery of Kenichthys campbelli, a 395-million-year-old fossilized fish which shows this migration in progress.																																														
Anatomy figure: 33:04-04 at Human Anatomy Online, SUNY Downstate Medical Center - "The turbinates have been cut and removed to illustrate the meatus and openings into them".																																														
The nasal cavity also houses the sense of smell and contributes greatly to taste sensation through its posterior communication with the mouth via the choanae.																																														
The nasal bones are two small oblong bones, varying in size and form in different individuals; they are placed side by side at the middle and upper part of the face and by their junction, form the bridge of the upper one third of the nose.																																														
From 1966 to 1996 the First Canadian Submarine Squadron was in existence with the Royal Canadian Navy's three Oberon-class submarines.																																														
Metabaru Air Field (目達原飛行場, Metabaru Hikōjō) (ICAO: RJDM) is a military aerodrome of the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force (JGSDF).																																														
The occipitofrontalis muscles produce the transverse wrinkles across the width of the forehead, and the corrugator supercilii muscles produce vertical wrinkles between the eyebrows above the nose.																																														
Three United States Navy vessels have borne the name USS Pigeon, after the pigeon:  USS Pigeon (AM-47) was a Lapwing-class minesweeper, launched in 1919, reclassified a Submarine Rescue Vessel (ASR–6) in 1929, and sunk in action in 1942.																																														
In the game the player must take the role of a Rescue Helicopter pilot, and complete missions involving accidents such as car crashes or fires.																																														
Her kidnappers turn out to be part of an evil cult known as Los Illuminados, which has taken control of local villagers using parasites known as Las Plagas.																																														
USS Walrus has been the name of more than one United States Navy ship, and may refer to:  USS Walrus (SS-35), renamed USS K-4 (SS-35) before launching, a submarine in commission from 1914 to 1923 USS Walrus (SS-431), a proposed submarine cancelled in 1944.																																														
U-36 may refer to one of the following German submarines:  SM U-36, was a Type U 31 submarine launched in 1914 and that served in the First World War until sunk on 24 July 1915 During the First World War, Germany also had these submarines with similar names: SM UB-36, a Type UB II submarine launched in 1915 and sunk on 9 May 1917 SM UC-36, a Type UC II submarine launched in 1916 and sunk on 21 May 1917 German submarine U-36 (1936), a Type VIIA submarine that served in the Second World War until sunk on 4 December 1939 German submarine U-36 (S186), a Type 212 submarine of the Bundesmarine commissioned into service in late 2015.																																														
Other references to the first game include Alice examining the mansion by going outside; crows are visible for a moment.																																														
A Battle of Wits (1912) is a silent drama motion picture short starring Tom Moore, Alice Joyce and Earle Foxe.																																														
As a Type VIIC U-boat its number was used as the fictitious setting for much of the novel by Charles McCain (2009).																																														
This is a list of cases reported in volume 147 of United States Reports, decided by the Supreme Court of the United States in 1893.																																														
It was represented by two members, with voters casting two votes and the first two candidates being elected.																																														
The Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Tel Aviv-Yafo The Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Jerusalem The Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Ramat Gan The Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Haifa The Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Rehovot The Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Be'er Sheva   =																																														
United States Court of Claims The abbreviation of a state's name alone indicates the highest appellate court in that state's judiciary at the time.																																														
Seed traps are used in ecology and forestry to capture seeds falling from plants, allowing seed production and  dispersal to be quantified.																																														
The Supreme Court also had limited original jurisdiction (i.e., in which cases could be filed directly with the Supreme Court without first having been heard by a lower federal or state court).																																														
Unlike all other members of the Long March 2 rocket family, the Long March 2D is a two-stage version of the Long March 4 launch vehicle.																																														
Howard was Reporter of Decisions from 1843 to 1860, covering volumes 42 through 65 of United States Reports which correspond to volumes 1 through 24 of his Howard's Reports.																																														
The Supreme Court is established by Article III, Section 1 of the Constitution of the United States, which says: "The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court .																																														
Programmes offered by IITTM are: Gwalior Center-  PhD in Tourism Masters in Business Administration (Tourism and Travel) Bachelors In Business Administration (Tourism and Travel) Bhubaneswar Center-  Masters in Business Administration (Tourism and Travel) Bachelors in Business Administration (Tourism and Travel) Noida Center-  Masters in Business Administration (Tourism and Travel) Bachelors in Business Administration (Tourism and Travel) Nellore Center-  Masters in Business Administration (Tourism and Travel) Bachelors in Business Administration(Tourism and Travel)   =																																														
This is  a complete list of members as of August 2012: Touring Club d'Algérie (TCA) Automobil Club d'Andorra (ACA) Automovil Club Argentino (ACA) Touring Club Argentino (TCA) ARVIKON Automobile & Tourist Club (ARVIKON) Automobile Federation of Armenia (FAA) Australian Automobile Association (AAA) Österreichischer Automobil Motorrad und Touring Club (ÖAMTC) Österreichischer Camping Club (ÖCC) Autotur Tourism Company (ATC) National Automobile Club of Azerbaijan (NACA) Automobile Association of Bangladesh (AAB) Belarusian Auto Moto Touring Club (BKA) SMOK International Travel Agency (SMOK) Touring Club Belgium (TCB) Royale Ligue Velocipedique Belge (RLVB) Fédération Belge du Cyclotourisme (FBC_BBR) Automovil Club Boliviano (ACB) Bosnia and Hercegovina Automobile Club (BIHAMK) Union des Automobilistes Bulgares (UAB) Canadian Automobile Association (CAA) Automovil Club de Chile (ACCHI) China Tourism Automobile and Cruise Association (CTACA) Touring & Automovil Club de Colombia (ACC) Automovil Club de Costa Rica (ACCR) Hrvatski Autoklub (HAK) Cyprus Automobile Association (CAA) Ustredni Automotoklub CR (UAMK CR) Forenede Danske Motorejere (FDM) Dansk Cyklist Forbund (DCF) Automovil Club del Ecuador (ANETA) Automobile & Touring Club of Egypt (ATCE) Ministry of Tourism of the Arab Republic of Egypt Automobile Club of Estonia (EAK) Automobile and Touring Club of Finland (AL) SF Caravan (SFC) Fédération Française des Automobile Clubs (FFAC) Camping Club de France (CCDF) Fédération Française de Cyclotourisme (FFCT) Union des Groupes du Touring Club de France (UGTCF) Georgian Automobile Federation (GAF) Allgemeiner Deutscher Automobil Club (ADAC) Automobilclub von Deutschland (AvD) Deutscher Camping Club (DCC) Deutscher Segler Verband (DSV) The Automobile Association (AA) Royal Scottish Automobile Club (RSAC) Royal Automobile Club Camping and Caravanning Club (CCC) Caravan Club Automobile and Touring Club of Greece (ELPA) Yacht Club of Greece (YCG) Pontifical Council for the Pastoral Care of Migrants and Itinerant People Hong Kong Automobile Association (HKAA) Magyar Autoklub (MAK) Felag Islenzkra Bifreidaeigenda (FIB) Federation of indian Automobile Associations (FIAA) Ikatan Motor Indonesia (IMI) Touring & Automobile Club of the Islamic Republic of Iran (TACI) Iraq Automobile and Touring Association (IATA) Automobile Association (Ireland) (AA Ireland) Automobile and Touring Club of Israel (MEMSI) Automobile Club d'Italia (ACI) Touring Club Italiano (TCI) Federazione del Campeggio e del Caravanning (Federcampeggio) Jamaica Automobile Association (JAA) Japan Automobile Federation (JAF) Royal Automobile Club of Jordan (RACJ) Drivers Association of the republic of Kazakhstan (CB TC PK) Automobile Association of Kenya (AAK) Korea Automobile Association (KAA) Kuwait Automobile & Touring Club (KATC) Eastern Automobile Club (EAC) Auto moto Society of Latvia (LAMB) Automobile et Touring Club du Liban (ATCL) Automobile and Touring Club of Libya (ATCL) Association of Lithuanian Automobilists (LAS) Automobile Club du Grand Duché de Luxembourg (ACL) Auto Moto Sojuz na Makedonija (AMSM) Automobile Association of Malaysia (AAM) Touring Club Malta (TC(M)) Alianza Mexicana Automovilistica (AMA) Automobil Club din Moldova (ACM) Touring Club du Maroc (TCM) Automobile Association of Namibia (AAN) Automobile Association of Nepal (AAN) Koninklijke Nederlandse Toeristenbond ANWB (ANWB) Koninklijke Nederlandsche Autombiel Club (KNAC) Nederlandse Toer Fiets Unie (NTFU) New Zealand Automobile Association (NZAA) Norges Automobil-Forbund (NAF) Oman Automobile Association (OAA) Automobile Association of Pakistan (AAP) Touring y Automovil Club Paraguayo (TACPY) Touring y Automovil Club del Peru (TACP) Automobile Association Philippines (AAP) Polski Zwiazek Motorowy (PZM) Polskie Towarzystwo Turystyczno-Krajoznawcze (PTTK) Automovel Club de Portugal (ACP) Federaçao Portuguesa de Cicloturismo e Utilizadores de Bicicleta (FPCUB) Qatar Automobile and Touring Club (QATC) Automobil Clubul Roman (ACR) Russian Automobile Society (RUS) Saudi Automobile and Touring Association (SATA) Saudi Automobile Federation (SAF) Touring Club du Senegal (TCSn) Auto-moto savez Srbije i Crne Gore (AMS SCG) Automobile Association of Singapore (AAS) Slovenski Autoturist Klub (SATC) Narodny Automotoklub Slovenskej Republiky (NAMK SR) Auto moto Zveza Slovenije (AMZS) Automobile Association of South Africa (AASA) Real Automovil Club de España (RACE) Reial Automobil Club de Catalunya (RACC) Automobile Association of Ceylon (AAC) Motormännens riksförbund (M) Svenska Turistforeningen (STF) Cykelframjandet Sveriges Motorcyklisters Centralorganisation (SMC) Touring Club Suisse (TCS) Cruising Club der Schweiz (CCS) Zelt Klub Zurich (ZKZ) Suisse Tourisme (ST) Automobile et Touring Club de Syrie (ATCS) Automobile Association of Tanzania (AAT) Royal Automobile Association of Thailand Trinidad & Tobago Automobile Association (TAA) Touring Club de Tunisie (TCT) Turkiye Turing ve Otomobil Kurumu (TTOK) Ministère du Tourisme Automobile Association of Uganda (AA Uganda) Company 112 Ukraine (112 UA) Fédération Automobile d'Ukraine (FAU) Automobile and Touring Club for United Arab Emirates (ATC UAE) American Automobile Association (AAA) American Automobile Touring Alliance (AATA) Automovil Club del Uruguay (ACU) Touring y Automovil Club de Venezuela (TACV) Yemen Club for Touring & Automobile (YCTA) Automobile Association of Zimbabwe (AAZ)   =																																														
AIG Travel has Travel Guard service centers in Stevens Point, WI; Houston, Texas; Shoreham, United Kingdom; Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Okinawa, Japan; Mexico City, Mexico; Sofia, Bulgaria; and Guangzhou, China.																																														
Cruise lines have a dual character; they are partly in the transportation business, and partly in the leisure entertainment business, a duality that carries down into the ships themselves, which have both a crew headed by the ship's captain, and a hospitality staff headed by the equivalent of a hotel manager.																																														
Destinations served at closure:  Chiapas Tapachula – Tapachula International Airport Tuxtla Gutiérrez – Angel Albino Corzo International Airport Federal District Mexico City – Mexico City International Airport Hub Nuevo León Monterrey – General Mariano Escobedo International Airport Oaxaca Oaxaca – Xoxocotlán International Airport Quintana Roo Cancún – Cancún International Airport Tabasco Villahermosa – Carlos Rovirosa Pérez International Airport Yucatan Mérida – Manuel Crescencio Rejon International Airport   =																																														
Habrona Habrosyne - includes Cymatochrocis, Habrosynula, Hannya, Miothyatira Haloplia Haplothyatira Hemictenarcha Hemiphruda Horipsestis Horithyatira Hyalospectra Hyalostola Hypsidia - includes Baryphanes, Eggersops   =																																														
CGAT was founded in April 1957 by the Confédération générale du travail du Kamerun (the erstwhile Cameroonian branch of the French Confédération générale du travail, which had broken away from CGT in December 1956) and CGT branches in French Equatorial Africa.																																														
In 2021 the National Championships were reorganised, and an open age City v Country Women's Origin was scheduled separately from the National Championships.																																														
Alliance Internationale de Tourisme (AIT) is an international federation of motoring organisations created to "represent the interests of national automobile associations and touring clubs".																																														
IITTM offers specially tailored tourism business management programmes besides offering a variety of training programmes for different stake holders.																																														
Today a state visit is accompanied by large trade delegations and is seen as an important venue to promote trade and other business relations as well as cultural and political ties between the two countries.																																														
The double-decker version of B7L was also sold in UK, used as public bus (East Lancs Nordic body) or sightseeing bus (Ayats Bravo City open-top body).																																														
The Falcon name was transferred from Ford's now discontinued, in the US, compact to a basic, even lower-trim version of the intermediate platform as a "1970½" model on January 1, 1970.																																														
The XK received a second and more minor facelift in 2011 with new front bumper and light design, which was presented at the New York Auto Show.																																														
The 2008 Swedish Short Course Swimming Championships took place in Eriksdalsbadet, Sweden between November 27, 2008 and November 30, 2008.																																														
Heated front seats were found across the entire range, as was a five speed gearbox; adjustable seatbelt with pre tensioners; folding two thirds split rear seats; lockable glovebox with light; and boot and ashtray lights.																																														
Apart from some modernizing in the engine electronics, the only noticeable change was in the body sheet metal.																																														
Abandoning the GS/LS trim nomenclature used by the previous generation, the second-generation Villager was offered in three trim levels:  Villager, Villager Sport, and Villager Estate; the special-edition Nautica trim was discontinued.																																														
The Shuma also benefited from a minor facelift, which changed the tail-lamp lenses, wheels and interior trimmings.																																														
The SS (which stands for Super Sport) was intended to be a modern version of past SS variant vehicles, such as the Camaro and Chevelle.																																														
It can be distinguished from the giant puffball by cutting it in half; the puffball will have a solid, denser middle, with no signs of a developing cap mushroom.																																														
It is found in the western Mediterranean region, associated with several species of oak (Quercus suber and Q. robur) and hornbeam (Carpinus betulus), and is also reported from Serbia.																																														
Similar in appearance to Armillaria gallica, this species is often found on maple in Canada and New England, as well as other hardwoods in the western United States.																																														
The species is closely related to its European twin Psilocybe medullosa, which differs genetically, and the American Psilocybe pelliculosa, which can be distinguished by spore size and cheilocystidia shape.																																														
& Broome (1883) Panus indicus Sathe & J.T. Daniel (1981) Panus japonicus (Yasuda) Yasuda (1922) Panus johorensis Corner (1981) Panus kinabaluensis Corner (1981) Panus luteolus Massee (1902) Panus maculatus Berk.																																														
The sesquiterpenes compounds pyxidatols A-C, tsuicoline E and omphadiol have been obtained from the liquid culture of this fungus.																																														
Psilocybe baeocystis spores are dark purplish brown in deposit, oblong in face view or asymmetric ellipsoid (mango form) in side view,  and are (8.																																														
The  cap is convex to flat, often lined or furrowed near the margin and the surface can be dull to powdery or scaly.																																														
Mastigomycotina is a former polyphyletic taxonomic grouping, a subdivision, of fungi, similar to Phycomycetes, and that included the zoosporic classes Chytridiomycetes, Hyphochytriomycetes, Plasmodiophoromycetes and Oomycetes.																																														
Psora altotibetica Timdal, Obermayer & Bendiksby (2016) Psora brunneocarpa Timdal (2002) Psora crenata (Taylor) Reinke  (1895) Psora crystallifera (Taylor) Müll.																																														
Cortinarius is a very widespread genus of agarics, but also contains some secotioid species, such as C. leucocephalus, C. coneae and C. cartilagineus.																																														
The Clackamas Country Fair and Rodeo is a week-long event held at the Clackamas County Fairgrounds in the city of Canby in Clackamas County, Oregon, United States, during the third week of August.																																														
Activities include amusement rides, livestock exhibits and competitions, live entertainment on three stages, local handcraft work and produce, and a Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association (PRCA) sponsored rodeo.																																														
This is a list of ocean liners past and present, which are passenger ships engaged in the transportation of passengers and goods in transoceanic voyages.																																														
Peromyscus californicus group California deermouse – P. californicus eremicus group Cactus mouse – P. eremicus Angel Island mouse – P. guardia – possibly extinct P. g. guardia – last seen 1991 P. g. mejiae – extinct (1973) P. g. harbisoni – extinct (1963) P. guardia subsp.																																														
The following is a list of Mus subgenera, species, and subspecies: Coelomys Mus crociduroides (Sumatran shrewlike mouse) Mus mayori (Mayor's mouse) Mus pahari (Gairdner's shrewmouse) Mus vulcani (volcano mouse) Mus Mus booduga (Little Indian field mouse) Mus caroli (Ryukyu mouse) Mus cervicolor (Fawn-colored mouse) Mus cervicolor cervicolor Mus cervicolor popaeus Mus cookii (Cook's mouse) Mus cypriacus (Cyprus mouse) Mus famulus (Servant mouse) Mus fragilicauda (sheath-tailed mouse) Mus lepidoides (little Burmese field mouse) Mus macedonicus (Macedonian mouse) Mus macedonicus macedonicus Mus macedonicus spretoides Mus musculus (House mouse) Mus musculus albula Mus musculus bactrianus (Southwestern Asian house mouse) Mus musculus brevirostris Mus musculus castaneus (Southeastern Asian house mouse) Mus musculus domesticus (Western European house mouse) Mus musculus gansuensis Mus musculus gentilulus (Pygmy house mouse) Mus musculus helgolandicus Mus musculus homourus Mus musculus isatissus Mus musculus molossinus (Japanese house mouse) Mus musculus musculus (Eastern European house mouse) Mus musculus wagneri Mus nitidulus (Blyth's mouse) Mus spicilegus (Steppe mouse) Mus spretus (Western wild mouse) Mus terricolor (Earth-colored mouse) Mus triton (Gray-bellied mouse) Muriculus Mus imberbis (Ethiopian spiny mouse) Nannomys Mus baoulei (Baoule's mouse) Mus bufo (Toad mouse) Mus callewaerti (Callewaert's mouse) Mus goundae (Gounda mouse) Mus haussa (Hausa mouse) Mus indutus (Desert pygmy mouse) Mus mahomet (Mahomet mouse) Mus mattheyi (Matthey's mouse) Mus minutoides (Southern African pygmy mouse) Mus musculoides (Temminck's mouse) Mus neavei (Neave's mouse) Mus oubanguii (Ubangui mouse) Mus setulosus (Peter's mouse) Mus setzeri (Setzer's mouse) Mus sorella (Thomas' pygmy mouse) Mus tenellus (Delicate mouse) Pyromys Mus fernandoni (Ceylon spiny mouse) Mus phillipsi (Phillips's mouse) Mus platythrix (Flat-haired mouse) Mus saxicola (Spiny mouse) Mus shortridgei (Shortridge's mouse)   =																																														
Most cetacean species traded for display in captivity to the public or for use in swimming with dolphins and other interaction programs are listed on Appendix II.																																														
From this relative, Peromyscus species are distinguished by relatively larger eyes, and also often two-tone coloring, with darker colors over the dorsum (back), and white abdominal and limb hair-coloring.																																														
Mesocricetus is a genus of Old World hamsters, including the Syrian or golden hamster, the first hamster to be introduced as a domestic pet, and still the most popular species of hamster for that purpose.																																														
Started in 1923, the Ellensburg Rodeo has grown from a local competition among ranch hands to the Professional event of today with over 500 contestants and prize money in excess of $250,000.																																														
Hard foodstuffs, small pieces of wood or specially prepared blocks can suit this purpose, although some mice can grind their teeth together ("bruxing") to keep them short.																																														
Text of the Protection of Animals Act 1911 as in force today (including any amendments) within the United Kingdom, from legislation.gov.																																														
As the United Nations votes for the creation of the state of Israel, both are pulled into conflict, their involvement taking them from New York City to Jerusalem, where they risk their lives for what they each believe in.																																														
In a feature for The New York Times website, Coppola discussed making the scene when Marco visits a special effects studio.																																														
Marcel Bluwal (25 May 1925 – 23 October 2021) was a French film director and screenwriter who  directed more than 40 films in his career.																																														
The film received two Jutra Award nominations at the 10th Jutra Awards, for Best Hair (Réjean Forget) and Best Makeup (Kathryn Casault); Forget won the award for Best Hair.																																														
The GAIFF is continually supported by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the RA, the Ministry of Culture of the RA and the Benevolent Fund for Cultural Development.																																														
The Story of Two Women (Korean: 두 여자 이야기; RR: Duyeoja iyagi) is a 1994 South Korean film directed by Lee Jung-gook.																																														
During the 2010 break, she left the show in April 2010 (on TV) and returned in December 2010.																																														
Fate's Turning is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith, starring Charles H. West and featuring Stephanie Longfellow.																																														
This was the first collaboration between director Graham Rich and producer Evan Klinger, who both attended the University of California, Santa Cruz.																																														
February 16 — Honey (Turkish: Bal) directed by Semih Kaplanoğlu premiered at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the coveted Golden Bear award.																																														
The nominees are chosen through a juried process, and the final winners are selected by a committee of writers, scholars, and editors, selected each year by the Foundation.																																														
The scientific and common names for the species commemorate José Alberto de Oliveira Anchieta, who is also honoured in the names of Anchieta's Pipistrelle (Hypsugo anchietae) and the Angolan Vlei Rat (Otomys anchietae).																																														
It contains the following species:  Fardoulis's blossom bat, Melonycteris fardoulisi Black-bellied fruit bat, Melonycteris melanops Woodford's fruit bat, Melonycteris woodfordi   =																																														
Pabwehshi has a sagittal torus on its maxillary palatal shelves – a character that is absent in baurusuchids – but they did not include Pabwehshi in their phylogenetic analysis.																																														
Genera include: Borencona Davis, 1928 Chinaria Davis, 1934 Daza Distant, 1905 Juanaria Distant, 1920 Miranha Distant, 1905 Odopoea Stål, 1861 Onoralna Boulard, 1996 Orellana Distant, 1905 Procollina Metcalf, 1952 Uhleroides Distant, 1912 Zammara Amyot & Audinet-Serville, 1843 Zammaralna Boulard & Sueur, 1996   =																																														
Neopeckia anceps Neopeckia argentinensis Neopeckia asperulispora Neopeckia bambusae Neopeckia brasiliana Neopeckia caesalpiniae Neopeckia carpini Neopeckia constricta Neopeckia coulteri Neopeckia episphaeria Neopeckia fulcita Neopeckia hainanensis Neopeckia herpotrichioides Neopeckia japonica Neopeckia nitidula Neopeckia nobilis Neopeckia oryzopsis Neopeckia palustris Neopeckia parietalis Neopeckia pumila Neopeckia quercina Neopeckia rhodostoma Neopeckia roberti Neopeckia thaxteri   =																																														
Encheliophis is a genus of pearlfishes, with six currently recognized species: Encheliophis boraborensis  (Kaup, 1856) (pinhead pearlfish) Encheliophis chardewalli Parmentier, 2004 Encheliophis gracilis (Bleeker, 1856) (graceful pearlfish) Encheliophis homei (J.																																														
Genera and species in the family Cuspidariidae:  Austroneaera Powell, 1937 Austroneaera brevirostris Powell, 1937 Austroneaera finlayi Powell, 1937 Cardiomya A. Adams, 1864 Cardiomya alcocki (Smith, 1884) Cardiomya bruuni Dell, 1956 Cardiomya cleryana (d'Orbigny, 1846) Cardiomya rectimarginata Dell, 1962 Cuspidaria Nardo, 1840 Halonympha Dall & Smith, 1886 Myonera Dall & Smith, 1886 Neaera Gray in Griffith & Pidgeon, 1834 Plectodon Plectodon ligulus (Yokoyama, 1922) Protocuspidaria Allen & Morgan, 1981 Pseudoneaera Pseudoneaera semipellucida (Kuroda, 1948) Pseudoneaera wellmani (Fleming, 1948) Rhinoclama Dall & Smith, 1886 Tropidomya Dall & Smith, 1886   =																																														
Mycoglaena acuminans Mycoglaena alni Mycoglaena betularia Mycoglaena collosporella Mycoglaena elegans Mycoglaena fallaciosa Mycoglaena fllicina Mycoglaena kuemmerlei Mycoglaena lichenoides Mycoglaena myricae Mycoglaena quercicola Mycoglaena subcoerulescens Mycoglaena viridis Mycoglaena yasudae   =																																														
: Amyot & Audinet-Serville, 1843  Acroprivesa Schmidt, 1912 Alisca Stål, 1870 Aliscella Fennah, 1969 Apachnas Distant, 1909 Aprivesa Melichar, 1923 Armacia Stål, 1862 Armilustrium (planthopper) Distant, 1917 Carmentalia (planthopper) Distant, 1917 Coniunctivena Stroinski, Gnezdilov & Bourgoin, 2011 Cotrades Walker, 1858 Cyamosa Stroinski, Gnezdilov & Bourgoin, 2011 Deferundata Distant, 1917 Deraulax Signoret, 1860 Epitemna Melichar, 1898 Epithalamium (planthopper) Kirkaldy, 1906 Euricania Melichar, 1898 Globularica Stroinski, Gnezdilov & Bourgoin, 2011 Hajar (planthopper) Kirkaldy, 1905 Isobium Melichar, 1906 Janssensia Lallemand, 1950 Kazukuru (planthopper) Stroinski, 2021 Keiserana Synave, 1966 Kruegeria Schmidt, 1911 Lambertoniana Dmitriev, 2020 Lugardia Distant, 1909 Mahecania Stroinski, 2013 Marleyia Distant, 1909 Meliprivesa Metcalf, 1952 Mesoricania Melichar, 1923 Motua Distant, 1909 Motumotua Distant, 1909 Mulvia Stål, 1866 Nasatus Stroinski, Gnezdilov & Bourgoin, 2011 Neoprivesa Distant, 1917 Nesomimas Fennah, 1971 Orosanga Fennah, 1971 Osaka (planthopper) Distant, 1909 Paici (planthopper) Stroinski, 2010 Parapiromis Bu, Larivière & Liang, 2010 Paurostauria Kirby, 1900 Plestia Stål, 1870 Pocharica Signoret, 1860 Pocharista Melichar, 1923 Pochazia Amyot & Audinet-Serville, 1843 Pochazina Melichar, 1898 Pochazoides Signoret, 1860 Privesa Stål, 1862 Ricania Germar, 1818  - type genus Ricanoides Zia, 1935 Ricanopsis Melichar, 1898 Ricanoptera Melichar, 1898 Ricanula Melichar, 1898 Scolypopa Stål, 1859 Scotinax Fennah, 1969 Semestra Jacobi, 1916 Sensorica Stroinski, 2021 – monotypic Sensorica namibiensis Stroinski, 2021 Syndetica Bergroth, 1920 Tarehylava Stroinski, 2021 Tarundia Stål, 1859 Trysanor Williams & Fennah, 1980   =																																														
The Dayak roundleaf bat (Hipposideros dyacorum), also known as the least roundleaf bat, is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.																																														
The lateral muscular branches supply the Brachioradialis, Extensor carpi radialis longus, and the lateral part of the Brachialis.																																														
Most of the muscles in the superficial and the intermediate layers share a common origin which is the outer part of the elbow, the lateral epicondyle of humerus.																																														
Saros cycle series 156 for solar eclipses occurs at the Moon's descending node, repeating every 18 years, 11 days, containing 69 events, with 55 listed before 3000 AD.																																														
About the middle of either side of this notch is an indentation, which contracts it somewhat, and indicates the junction of the olecranon and the coronoid process.																																														
The radial notch of the ulna (lesser sigmoid cavity) is a narrow, oblong, articular depression on the lateral side of the coronoid process; it receives the circumferential articular surface of the head of the radius.																																														
In non-human tetrapods, the name capitellum is generally used, with "capitulum" limited to the anteroventral articular facet of the rib (in archosauromorphs).																																														
The medial cord is the part of the brachial plexus formed by of the anterior division of the lower trunk (C8-T1).																																														
In the human arm, the humeral trochlea is the medial portion of the articular surface of the elbow joint which articulates with the trochlear notch on the ulna in the forearm.																																														
The axillary sheath is a fibrous sheath that encloses the axillary artery and the three cords of the brachial plexus to form the neurovascular bundle.																																														
The muscle is occasionally doubled; additional muscle slips to the supinator, pronator teres, biceps brachii, lacertus fibrosus, or radius are more rarely found.																																														
The mandibular notch may be palpated to locate the parotid duct, the facial artery, the facial vein, and the medial pterygoid muscle.																																														
Numa Peak (9,007 feet (2,745 m)) is located in the Livingston Range, Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.																																														
Mad Wolf Mountain is just west of the Blackfeet Indian Reservation, and rises abruptly above the Great Plains.																																														
The Silver Island Range, also called the Silver Island Mountains, is a mountain range in Utah, United States, situated the northwest corner of Tooele County and the southwest corner of Box Elder County, about 15 miles (24 km) northeast of Wendover.																																														
The steep south face drops approximately 1,000 feet into the center of an amphitheater at the top of Eaton Canyon, forming one of the most sustained steep slopes in the Western San Gabriel mountain range.																																														
The city of Buzău (the county capital) can be reached via Smârdana, Brădeanul, Smeeni (48 km), or through Glodeanul Cârlig, Văcăreasca and Casota and the DN2 road (36 km).																																														
A geo or gio ( GYOH, from Old Norse gjá) is an inlet, a gully or a narrow and deep cleft in the face of a cliff.																																														
The Genevieve Range is a low, small mountain range on western Nootka Island, which is on the western side of Nootka Sound, British Columbia, Canada.																																														
Mount Henkel (8,774 feet (2,674 m)) is located in the Lewis Range, Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.																																														
The 1,665-metre (5,463 ft) tall mountain is located in the Dovrefjell mountains and inside the Dovre National Park, about 17 kilometres (11 mi) northeast of the village of Dombås.																																														
The Big Bend Ranges are a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia, Canada, located in Big Bend of the Columbia River north of the Illecillewaet River.																																														
Viskyar Mountain (Bulgarian: Вискяр) is a minor range of hills in western Bulgaria rising to 1077 m (Mechi Kamak Peak), and bounded by Lyulin Mountain to the southeast, Sofia Valley to the northeast, Zavalska Mountain to the northwest, and Graovo Valley to the southwest.																																														
) This can be  From suffragan bishop status to diocesan bishop From coadjutor bishop to diocesan bishop From one country's episcopate to another From diocesan bishop to archbishop   =																																														
There are related words in other Finnic languages: in Estonian, põrgu means hell, in Karelian perkeleh means an evil spirit.																																														
Other characteristics of T.I. English follow general non-standard dialects of English such as the use of done for did, run for ran, come for came (i.e. a four-way verb system of present-past-infinitive—ing-form for all verbs), and oncet for once.																																														
Vinje, Finn-Erik (1978) Et språk i utvikling: noen hovedlinjer i norsk språkhistorie fra reformasjonen til våre dager (Oslo: Aschehoug)  ISBN 8203115241 Hyvik, Jens Johan  (2009) Språk Og Nasjon 1739-1868.																																														
He published parts of Sveriges runinskrifter, editions of medieval texts and together with Åke Holmbäck, a translation of the Swedish medieval province laws (with commentaries).																																														
According to the SOIUSA (International Standardized Mountain Subdivision of the Alps) the mountain can be classified in the following way: main part =																																														
They are popular in Christian countries because of their derivation from the name of one of the first Christian saints, Catherine of Alexandria.																																														
eminent individuals and his cabinet advisers turned "the cold shoulder" to their ambassador, for his independent act upon this occasion.																																														
The South Halmahera languages are the branch of Austronesian languages found along the southeast coast of the island of Halmahera in the Indonesian province of North Maluku.																																														
The language was later dubbed Enochian, due to Dee's assertion that the Biblical Patriarch Enoch had been the last human (before Dee and Kelley) to know the language.																																														
The Nyungic languages are the south-westernmost of the Australian Aboriginal languages: Nyungar languages Galaagu language (Kalarko, Malpa) Kalaamaya–NatingeroGalaagu and Kalaamaya/Natingero are poorly attested; it is not clear how close they are to each other or to Nyungar, and Kalaamaya may have been a variety of Nyungar proper.																																														
It may include other properties of the star, such as a surrounding nebula, presence or lack of an extended atmosphere, or a circumstellar dust disc.																																														
For digital formats following CCIR 601 (i.e. most digital standard definition formats), luma is calculated with this formula:                                    Y                        601                      ′                  =																																														
The effect takes the bright parts of a rendered image of the scene, and then smears them outward in a number of directions.																																														
On the other hand, nocturnal mammals have less-developed color vision since adequate light is needed for cones to function properly.																																														
The model may represent the population from which observations arise as a mixture of several components, and the problem is that of a mixture model, in which the task is to infer from which of a discrete set of sub-populations each observation originated.																																														
A Self-Organizing Map (SOM) was implemented in skin detection using TSL and achieved comparable results to older methods of histograms and Gaussian mixture models.																																														
The RGB color model, invented in the 19th century and fully developed in the 20th century, uses combinations of red, green, and blue light against a black background to make the colors seen on a computer monitor or television screen.																																														
The L-type was formally introduced in the SMASS classification, although previous studies had noted the unusual spectra of two of its members 387 Aquitania and 980 Anacostia.																																														
Skin detection itself can be used for a variety of applications – face detection, person tracking (for surveillance and cinematographic purposes), and pornography filtering are a few examples.																																														
The Sierpinski carpet, also known as the Sierpinski universal curve, is a one-dimensional planar Peano continuum that contains a homeomorphic image of any one-dimensional planar continuum.																																														
The Duru–Kleinert transformation replaces the diverging time-sliced path integral of Richard Feynman (which thus does not exist) by a well-defined convergent one.																																														
The latter title determines his date to the time of Antiochus III the Great, about 217 BC, for Mnesiptolemus was an historian in great favour with that king.																																														
Gabriel, historia de un robot (Novela, 1963) Burbuja (Novela, 1965) Meteoritos (short stories, 1965) Futuro imperfecto (short stories, 1981) No lejos de la Tierra (short stories, 1986)   =																																														
Arvid Torgeir Lie (18 August 1938 – 19 May 2020) was a Norwegian poet, writer of short stories and translator.																																														
Born in Buenos Aires in 1893, he was the son of the Uruguayan lawyer and writer Luis Melián Lafinur and also the second cousin of writer Jorge Luis Borges.																																														
The Worst Years of Your Life: Stories for the Geeked-Out, Angst-Ridden, Lust-Addled, and Deeply Misunderstood Adolescent in All of Us is a short story collection edited by Mark Jude Poirier.																																														
While the younger man cites his romantic vision about a brotherhood of man, the older Borges reveals his doubt about the existence of a single man.																																														
In a magic cube, a broken space diagonal is a sequence of cells of the cube that follows a line parallel to a space diagonal of the cube, and continues on the corresponding point of an opposite face whenever it reaches a face of the cube.																																														
The sequel/prequel to Kill Doctor Lucky, Save Doctor Lucky is a board game manufactured by Cheapass Games that takes place on the Titanic while it is sinking.																																														
El Golem is a poem by Jorge Luis Borges, part of the 1964 book El otro, el mismo (The other, the self).																																														
CZW's second Best of the Best tournament took place on June 8, 2002, at the “CZW Arena” (Viking Hall) in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.																																														
Best Film: The Best Years of Our Lives Best Actor: Laurence Olivier - Henry V Best Actress: Celia Johnson - Brief Encounter Best Director: William Wyler - The Best Years of Our Lives Best Foreign Language Film: Open City (Roma, città aperta) • Italy   =																																														
Denis Parsons Burkitt (1911–1993), surgeon Evaline Hilda Burkitt (1876–1955), British suffragette Francis Crawford Burkitt (1864–1935), British theologian and scholar Jack Burkitt (1926–2003), English footballer James Parsons Burkitt (1870–1959), ornithologist M. C. Burkitt (1890–1971), British palaeohistorian William Burkitt (1650–1703), biblical expositor and vicar in Dedham, Essex, England Judge Sir William Burkitt (1838–1908)   =																																														
The 12th New York Film Critics Circle Awards, announced on 9 January 1947, honored the best filmmaking of 1946.																																														
On Remembrance Sunday (in November) the programme is not broadcast but that week's programme gets a single airing in the Friday repeat slot.																																														
In 2009, the following awards were presented: Best Publicity Designer: Creative Art - Ashok Mehta (Dahakela Jiara Hamar) Best Art Director: Samir (Aapan Mati Aapan Desh) Best Action Director: Riyaz Sultan (Aapan Mati Aapan Desh) Best Cinematographer: Akram Khan (Bhoomiputra) Best Editor: Jitu (Diwaana) National Integration: Bhoomiputra (A.																																														
Graham Carey – CSKA Sofia 2019– Conor Henderson – Pirin Blagoevgrad 2017–18, 2021– Cillian Sheridan – CSKA Sofia 2010–2012   =																																														
It was not held in 2009 and 2010, but resumed in 2011, being held in Singapore in 2012 it was held at the CotaiArena in Macao.																																														
Best Film: West Side Story Best Actor: Maximilian Schell - Judgment at Nuremberg Best Actress: Sophia Loren - Two Women (La ciociara) Best Director: Robert Rossen - The Hustler Best Screenplay: Abby Mann - Judgment at Nuremberg Best Foreign Language Film: La Dolce Vita • Italy/France   =																																														
Best Film – Dahavi Fa Best Actor – Shreyas Talpade for Reshamgaath Best Actress – Reema Lagoo for Reshamgaath Best Story – Sumitra Bhave for Dahavi Fa Best Screenplay – Sumitra Bhave for Vastupurush Best Dialogue – Prashant Dalvi for Bhet Best Lyrics –	Sumitra Bhave for "Khushi Cheheryavarmazhya" from Dahavi Fa Best Music Director – Shriram Umrani for Dahavi Fa Best Singer (Male) – Ajit Parab for Krishnakathchi Meera Best Singer (Female) – Yogita Godbole for Krishnakathchi Meera Best Choreography – Umesh Jadhav for Aadharstambh Best Child Artist – Apoorva Koregoave for Bhet   =																																													
The common forms of P. aurea are easily identified by their characteristic compressed internodes in the lower part of the canes which have a tortoise shell-like appearance.																																														
The other canoe, the Matahourua, was later commandeered by Kupe who sailed it to New Zealand with Kuramarotini, Hoturapa's wife (Tregear 1891:527).																																														
In 1924, canoeing associations from Austria, Germany, Denmark and Sweden founded the Internationalen Representation for Kanusport, forerunner of the International Canoe Federation.																																														
It was designed in the late 1960s in New Zealand by John Balmain Brooke, where it was to become one of the most popular classes of boat.																																														
Leonardo Selbach (born 1 July 1971 in São Sebastião do Caí) is a Brazilian slalom canoeist who competed at the international level from 1992 to 2002.																																														
However, Te Aratāwhao and her captain remained in Hawaiki, while the crew returned to New Zealand with the supplies in another canoe, the Mataatua.																																														
Author Eileen Delehanty Pearkes records in her book about the Sinixt, The Geography of Memory, that ethnographer William Elmendorf recorded the process of making a sturgeon-nosed canoe based on a description by Sinixt Nation elder Nancy Wynecoop: "The mature tree must be felled in spring, when the sap is running.																																														
The factory in 1894 was sold to Aaron Stern and it became the "Stern and Lattin Pickle Company" and in 1914 "Stern and Brauner".																																														
For example, scientists consider Eucalyptus obliqua to not be closely related to the other stringybarks, because of the gumnut shape.																																														
While people will differ on the definition, creeking generally involves higher gradient, approaching or in excess of 100 ft per mi (19 m per km), and is likely to include running ledges, slides, and waterfalls on relatively small and tight rivers, though some will allow for very large and big volume rivers in their definition.																																														
The week-long holidays on May (Labor) Day and National Day began in 2000, as a measure to increase and encourage holiday spending.																																														
The ides occur on the thirteenth day in eight of the months, but in March, May, July, and October, they occur on the fifteenth.																																														
The original Roman calendar consisted of ten months; however, the calendar year only lasted 304 days, with 61 days during winter not assigned to any month.																																														
Holi, the spring festival of colour, is celebrated on the full moon day (Purnima) of Phalguna, the month before Chaitra, exactly six days after which the festival of Chaiti is observed.																																														
The festivities last for ten days with events such as horse racing, bicycle riding contests, and rock-carrying competitions contributing to a time of merriment and celebration.																																														
The first and second month of each quarter have thirty days, and the third month thirty-one days.																																														
In ancient Egypt, these months were usually recorded by their number within the season: I, II, III, and IV Šmw.																																														
In cases where there is a tie in time, the following criteria will sort people higher:  Achieved time uninterrupted (for total tenure ranks) Achieved time first Senators over representatives (for House and Senate lists) Senate and House seniority   =																																														
For example, under the 5-day work week system, if a statutory holiday falls on a Saturday, the employee can be entitled to a day off-in-lieu.																																														
Many countries require a minimum number of blank pages to be available in the passport being presented, typically one or two pages.																																														
In Scandinavia this continued after Christianization; in Norway and Sweden the first day of summer is marked by the Tiburtius Day (14 April) and the first day of winter by the Calixtus Day (14 October).																																														
The most important crops are rice and peanuts, while other important agricultural products are beans and maize.																																														
Historically, the agriculture portfolio has gone under a number of different names; the holder has often borne the title of simply Minister for Agriculture.																																														
Farm boys from the midwest, working on bonanza farms in the early 20th century, transplanted these ideas to Corn Belt homesteads and built larger farms as the century progressed.																																														
The majority 70% of the population of the commune are farmers, while an additional 20% receives their livelihood from raising livestock.																																														
The Agriculture and Consumer Protection Act of 1973 (P.L. 93-86, also known as the 1973 U.S. Farm Bill) was the 4-year farm bill that adopted target prices and deficiency payments as a tool that would support farm income but reduce forfeitures to the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC) of surplus stocks.																																														
A common explanation for reported trap cropping failures, is that attractive trap plants only protect nearby plants if the insects do not move back into the main crop.																																														
The most important crops are maize and lentils, while other important agricultural products are beans and sweet potatoes.																																														
The majority 96% of the population of the commune are farmers, while an additional 4% receives their livelihood from raising livestock.																																														
More developed economies may invest additional capital in primary means of production: for example, in the United States corn belt, combine harvesters pick the corn, and sprayers spray large amounts of insecticides, herbicides and fungicides, producing a higher yield than is possible using less capital-intensive techniques.																																														
Like, the remaining economic development and business portfolios of Growth, Enterprise and Trade formed the new Ministry of Economic Development and Training.																																														
The most important crops are cassava and peas, while other important agricultural products are maize and sweet potatoes.																																														
The function of the fiber cell membrane protein encoded by this gene is undetermined, yet this protein is speculated to play a role in intracellular communication.																																														
ILF3 has been shown to interact with:  Small NF90/ILF3-associated RNAs (snaR) (~120 nucleotides long) and are known to interact with ILF3 double-stranded RNA-binding motifs.																																														
GPI transamidase mediates GPI anchoring in the endoplasmic reticulum, by catalyzing the transfer of fully assembled GPI units to proteins.																																														
Sialin, also known as H(+)/nitrate cotransporter and H(+)/sialic acid cotransporter, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the SLC17A5 gene.																																														
Overview of all the structural information available in the PDB for UniProt: Q80VJ2 (Mouse Steroid receptor RNA activator 1) at the PDBe-KB.																																														
This gene is expressed at a high level in post-natal brain structures involved in the hippocampal memory system, which suggests a specialized role in the physiological processes underlying memory and learning abilities.																																														
A similar protein was first described as a potentially important regulatory protein in the dog thyroid and was termed as R2D5 antigen in rabbit.																																														
Bardet–Biedl syndrome is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by severe pigmentary retinopathy, obesity, polydactyly, renal malformation, and mental retardation.																																														
This gene is one of the 19 highly related genes that form a leukocyte immunoglobulin-like receptor gene cluster (LRC) at chromosomal region 19q13.																																														
Studies have shown that thiolutin inhibits adhesion of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) to vitronectin and thus suppresses tumor cell-induced angiogenesis in vivo.																																														
There is some evidence that MLIP may be involved in maintaining cardiac homeostasis and in the initial reaction to changes in workload.																																														
New York State Military Museum and Veterans Research Center - Civil War - 29th Infantry Regiment History, photographs, table of battles and casualties, and historical sketch for the 29th New York Infantry Regiment.																																														
Anglo-French War (1109–1113) – first conflict between the Capetian Dynasty and the House of Normandy post-Norman conquest Anglo-French War (1116–1119) – conflict over English possession of Normandy Anglo-French War (1123–1135) – conflict that amalgamated into The Anarchy Anglo-French War (1158–1189) – first conflict between the Capetian Dynasty and the House of Plantagenet Anglo-French War (1193–1199) – conflict between King Richard the Lionheart and King Philip Augustus Anglo-French War (1202–1204) – French invasion of Normandy Anglo-French War (1213–14) – conflict between King Philip Augustus and King John of England Anglo-French War (1215–1217) – the French intervention in the First Barons War Anglo-French War (1224) – known as the Poitou War Anglo-French War (1242–43) – known as the Saintonge War   =																																														
Various former government officials, politicians, authors, and military leaders (including James Woolsey, Alexandre de Marenches, Eliot Cohen, and Subcomandante Marcos) have attempted to apply the labels of the "Third World War" and the "Fourth World War" to various past and present global wars since the end of the Second World War, such as the Cold War and the War on Terror respectively.																																														
Examples of this include timber during the seventeenth century for naval development or oil during the twentieth century onward for enabling military technology and transportation.																																														
Since the 2005 Report appeared, the data on armed conflict trends, which comes from the Uppsala Conflict Data Program, indicates that there has been a 25% increase in the overall number of conflicts in which a state is one of the warring parties, but that the number of high-intensity conflicts (those generating 1,000 or more battle deaths in a year) have continued to decline and are now some 68% lower than at the end of the Cold War.																																														
Sir Edward Michael Conolly Abel Smith 15 February 1958 – 1975 Walter Montagu-Douglas-Scott, 9th Duke of Buccleuch 16 March 1975 – 1975 Buccleuch became Lord Lieutenant of Roxburgh, Ettrick and Lauderdale   =																																														
Anglo-Afghan War may refer to:  British-Afghan Wars First Anglo-Afghan War (1839–1842) Second Anglo-Afghan War (1878–1880) Siege of Malakand & Tirah Campaign (1897) Third Anglo-Afghan War (1919) Operation Herrick (War in Afghanistan; November 2001 – December 2014) Operation Toral (War in Afghanistan; December 2014 – August 2021) American-Afghan War Operation Enduring Freedom (November 2001 – December 2014) Operation Freedom's Sentinel (December 2014 – August 2021)   =																																														
The Battery H, 1st West Virginia Light Artillery Regiment was an artillery battery that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.																																														
Ahen senso (阿片戦爭) (or 阿片戰争) aka The Opium War  is a 1943 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Masahiro Makino.																																														
The Cambridge History of the First World War: Volume 1, Global War (Cambridge University Press, 2016) War Beyond Words: Languages of Remembrance from the Great War to the Present (Cambridge University Press, 2017)   =																																														
On 23 July 2004, the War Veterans Committee was granted a special consultative status by the United Nations Economic and Social Council.																																														
To be celebratedIn the celebration of the Eucharist, Jesus Christ shows us how the truth of love can transform even the dark mystery of death into the radiant light of the resurrection.																																														
The Phoenicians of Carthage were reputed to practise child sacrifice, and though the scale of sacrifices may have been exaggerated by ancient authors for political or religious reasons, there is archaeological evidence of large numbers of children's skeletons buried in association with sacrificial animals.																																														
Regarding the time in which he lived, we know for certain that he lived after Juba II, king of Mauretania (1st century BC) and was probably an elderly contemporary of Galen in the 1st century AD.																																														
Bringing out the elements within the rite of Mass that express consciousness of personal sin and, at the same time, of God's mercy, can prove most helpful to the faithful".																																														
In 1968 the department Seine-Saint-Denis was created from parts of the former departments Seine and Seine-et-Oise, and the arrondissements of Bobigny and Le Raincy became part of it.																																														
The sacrificial animal required for a sin offering depended on the status of the sinner offering the sacrifice;   for a high priest or for the entire community, a young bullock; for a king or nasi, a young male goat; for other individuals, a female kid or lamb; for poor individuals unable to afford these, two turtle doves or young pigeons could be substituted, one as a sin offering and the other as a burnt offering; for the very poorest individuals, a tenth of an ephah of unscented fine flour could be offered instead of an animal.																																														
Aulus Gellius, in the Noctes Atticae, written almost a millennium after; speculated that Vejovis was an ill-omened counterpart of Jupiter; compare Summanus.																																														
Like all types of sacrifices offered on the altar, the flour had to be unscented and the animal had to be completely unblemished.																																														
It was under the governance of several peers including the Lord of Packington Hall and Lord of Hermitage Manor with accompanying Stewards.																																														
The number of sacrifices required by one who has committed a series of sins The asham talui for one uncertain whether he has sinned The prohibition on consuming blood, and the laws of asham meilot One who brings a sacrifice and later learned that he had not sinned; whether the forgiveness of Yom Kippur exempts one from a sin-offering; etc.																																														
He had a temple between the two peaks of the Capitoline Hill in Rome, where his statue carried a bundle of arrows and stood next to a statue of a she-goat.																																														
Madeleine Robinson as Madeleine Dubreuil Jeanne Moreau as Suzanne Dubreuil Jane Marken as Emma Walter Santesso as Michel Henri Vilbert as Léon Fontaine Gianni Musy as Alberto Grino Émile Genevois as Monsieur Grino Olga Solbelli Umberto Spadaro   =																																														
The film later came to be described as the first mumblecore film, a new genre of American filmmaking characterized by low budgets, amateur actors and naturalistic settings.																																														
The film is an adaption of Ricardo Talesnik's play of the same name which was first staged by the ICTUS group in Santiago de Chile in September 1967, before being performed in Buenos Aires shortly afterwards.																																														
List of Hong Kong films of 2010 List of Hong Kong films of 2011 List of Hong Kong films of 2012 List of Hong Kong films of 2013 List of Hong Kong films of 2014 List of Hong Kong films of 2015 List of Hong Kong films of 2016 List of Hong Kong films of 2017 List of Hong Kong films of 2018 List of Hong Kong films of 2019   =																																														
It is based loosely on Young's own experiences as an actor in L.A. and former pop band member in UK Brit pop band, Deuce.																																														
Of Jewish descent, Neubach was a veteran of World War I, after which he worked as a master of ceremonies in Austria, Switzerland and Germany.																																														
Corazón salvaje is a 1956 Mexican drama film directed by Juan José Ortega and starring Martha Roth, Christiane Martel, Carlos Navarro and Rafael Bertrand.																																														
The film's plot follows a wealthy couple who work in the entertainment industry and decide to separate, but soon begin to miss each other.																																														
After its completion, the film was screened at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival and was bought by The Weinstein Company.																																														
Cheung Ying as Zhang Cuishan Pak Yin as Yan So-So Ka-Sing Lam as Zhang Wuji Leung Ka-bo as young Zhang Wuji Ho-Kau Chan as Zhao Min Connie Chan as Zhou Zhiruo Lee Hung as Xiaozhao Shih Kien as Xie Xun Yeung Sai Gao Luquan Sai Gwa-Pau Fung King-man Lee Pang-fei Cheung Sang Wong Hon Szema Wah Lung Yuen Siu-tien Lai Man Wan Leng-kwong Chow Kat Bak Man-biu Tam Tin Kwan Ching-leung Hoh Wan Lam Liu-ngok Ho Pik-kin Woo Ping Ding Yue Lam Siu Yuen Lap-cheung Au Ngok Tang Cheung Leung Suk-hing Ng Yan-chi Liu Chia-liang Chu Yau-ko Tong Kai Heung Hoi   =																																														
List of Russian films of 1992 List of Russian films of 1993 List of Russian films of 1994 List of Russian films of 1995 List of Russian films of 1996 List of Russian films of 1997 List of Russian films of 1998 List of Russian films of 1999   =																																														
List of legendary creatures from Argentina List of legendary creatures from China List of legendary creatures from France List of legendary creatures from Germany List of legendary creatures from Greece List of legendary creatures from Hindu List of legendary creatures from Japan List of legendary creatures from Malaysia List of legendary creatures from Manipur List of legendary creatures from Myanmar List of legendary creatures from Philippines List of legendary creatures from Slavic   =																																														
Omnivorous animals, such as bears, use their fangs when hunting fish or other prey, but they are not needed for consuming fruit.																																														
List of legendary creatures (A) List of legendary creatures (B) List of legendary creatures (C) List of legendary creatures (D) List of legendary creatures (E) List of legendary creatures (F) List of legendary creatures (G) List of legendary creatures (H) List of legendary creatures (I) List of legendary creatures (J) List of legendary creatures (K) List of legendary creatures (L) List of legendary creatures (M) List of legendary creatures (N) List of legendary creatures (O) List of legendary creatures (P) List of legendary creatures (Q) List of legendary creatures (R) List of legendary creatures (S) List of legendary creatures (T) List of legendary creatures (U) List of legendary creatures (V) List of legendary creatures (W) List of legendary creatures (X) List of legendary creatures (Y) List of legendary creatures (Z)   =																																														
Fangs are also common among guardian figures such as Verupaksha in Buddhism art in China and East Asia, as well as Rangda in Balinese Hinduism.																																														
Certain mythological and legendary creatures such as dragons, gargoyles and yakshas are commonly depicted with prominent fangs.																																														
Papponymy has been frequently practiced in the Alaouite dynasty of Moroccan royalty for centuries, with sons sometimes being named after their great-grandfather, but never after their father.																																														
1945), Filipino lawyer Arnulfo Mendoza (1954–2014), Mexican artist Arnulfo Trejo (1922–2002), American librarian Arnulfo Valentierra (b.																																														
1769), daughter of Johann Conrad Struve:  Ernst von Blumenstein (11 February 1796 – 25 August 1875)Karl's only descendants were from his illegitimate line.																																														
It derives from the Greek given name Κυριακός (also Κυριάκος) which means of the Lord or lordly; from the Greek kύριος, kyrios: lord.																																														
In 1897, he fell ill and died, and was succeeded as the head of the family by his son, Shimazu Tadashige.																																														
Al-Mubarak is an Arabic family name/Patronymic, means son of Mubarak/descent of Mubarak, and may refer to:  surnameKhaldoon Al Mubarak, Manchester City chairmanPatronymicJaber Al-Mubarak Al-Hamad Al-Sabah (born 1948), government minister of Kuwait, son of Mubarak bin Hamad Al-Sabah Salim Al-Mubarak Al-Sabah (1864-1921), ninth sheikh of Kuwait of the line of Al-Sabah, son of Mubarak Al-Sabah Note: the usual romanization of above name was Jaber bin Mubarak bin Hamad Al-Sabah and Salim bin Mubarak Al-Sabah   =																																														
Notable people with the surname include:  Sergei Pavlovich Baltacha, the former USSR football player, Dynamo Kyiv Sergei Baltacha Jr., son of Sergei Pavlovich Baltacha, football player Elena Baltacha, daughter of Sergei Pavlovich Baltacha, tennis player   =																																														
Selah (Hebrew: שֶׁלַח, romanized: Šélaḥ), Salah or Sala (Greek: Σαλά – Salá) or Shelah is an ancestor of the Israelites and Ishmaelites according to the Table of Nations in Genesis 10.																																														
Ibrahimović is a Bosnian surname derived from the masculine given name Ibrahim (meaning "son of Ibrahim"), the Arabic name of the prophet and patriarch Abraham.																																														
Birdpur or Birdpore refers to several villages in Siddharthnagar district, Uttar Pradesh, India, each of which has the same name, followed by a number.																																														
Diagnosis of the type of bowel obstruction is normally conducted through initial plain radiograph of the abdomen, luminal contrast studies, computed tomography scan, or ultrasonography prior to determining the best type of treatment.																																														
The syndrome occurs predominantly in middle-aged women with poorly controlled hypertension in the form of skin ulcers on the anterolateral aspect of the lower legs.																																														
There is also lack of evidence on effectiveness on testing for elevated proteases in venous ulcers and treating them with protease modulating treatment.																																														
A perforated ulcer can be grouped into a stercoral perforation which involves a number of different things that causes perforation of the intestine wall.																																														
The German Dermatological Society indicated that Diosmin may be used with other treatments for symptoms of chronic venous diseases.																																														
The ulcer is known initially as a peptic ulcer before the ulcer burns through the full thickness of the stomach or duodenal wall.																																														
In addition to its prokinetic properties, mosapride also exerts anti-inflammatory effects on the gastrointestinal tract which may contribute to some of its therapeutic effects.																																														
In addition, the rectal route bypasses around two-thirds of the first-pass metabolism as the rectum's venous drainage is two-thirds systemic (middle and inferior rectal vein) and one-third hepatic portal system (superior rectal vein).																																														
A potty chair, or simply a potty, is a proportionately small chair or enclosure with an opening for seating very young children to "go potty".																																														
Small clinical trials suggested that prucalopride administration results in the 5-HT4 receptor agonism-associated memory enhancing in healthy participants improving their ability to recall and increasing neural activation in the hippocampus and functionally related areas.																																														
2% to 35% of patients; however, this does not appear to be significantly different to the rate of minor fecal incontinence experienced by patients treated with topical GTN.																																														
They may include Vibrio vulnificus, Listeria monocytogenes, Yersinia enterocolica, Salmonella enterica (serotype Typhimurium), Klebsiella pneumoniae and Escherichia coli.																																														
A maximum number of 8-10 most common isoschizomers are indicated for every enzyme but there may be many more.																																														
The recognition sequence and the cutting site usually match, but sometimes the cutting site can be dozens of nucleotides away from the recognition site.																																														
Calymmatobacterium granulomatis Campylobacter Campylobacter coli Campylobacter fetus Campylobacter jejuni Campylobacter pylori Chlamydia Chlamydia trachomatis Chlamydophila Chlamydophila pneumoniae (previously called Chlamydia pneumoniae) Chlamydophila psittaci (previously called Chlamydia psittaci) Clostridium Clostridium botulinum Clostridium difficile Clostridium perfringens (previously called Clostridium welchii) Clostridium tetani Corynebacterium Corynebacterium diphtheriae Corynebacterium fusiformeCoxiella burnetii   =																																														
The following information is given:  Enzyme: Accepted name of the molecule, according to the internationally adopted nomenclature, and bibliographical references.																																														
Mycobacterium aubagnense is a species of the phylum Actinomycetota (Gram-positive bacteria with high guanine and cytosine content, one of the dominant phyla of all bacteria), belonging to the genus Mycobacterium.																																														
When "None on date" is indicated, that means that there were no registered isoschizomers in the databases on that date with a clearly defined cutting site.																																														
Dallas Morning News “ Disabled Texans in three state homes have been drinking water with Flint-level amounts of lead”, May,2016 https://www.																																														
The Federation of Disability Sport Wales (Welsh: Chwaraeon Anabledd Cymru) is the national pan-disability governing body of sports organisations that provides local sporting and physical activity opportunities to disabled people in Wales.																																														
Tetra volunteers create devices that “facilitate education, work and recreation” by tackling barriers to mobility, personal care and communications.																																														
The Mira Foundation (Fondation Mira) is a Quebec-based  community-based organization which pursues the following stated objective: "to bring greater autonomy to handicapped people and to facilitate their social integration by providing them with [guide and service] dogs that have been fully trained to accommodate each individual's needs of adaptation and rehabilitation".																																														
The observance of the Day aims to promote an understanding of disability issues and mobilize support for the dignity, rights and well-being of persons with disabilities.																																														
The founder and chairman of the Center for Equal Opportunity is Linda Chavez and the president and general counsel is  Devon Westhill.																																														
Its goals include:  Promote humane, fair and effective policies on the reception, protection and integration of asylum-seekers and refugees in Israel; Assist refugees and asylum-seekers towards self-sufficiency as independent, productive and contributing members of society; Facilitate the participation and empowerment of refugees and asylum seekers through their inclusion in education possibilities, the labor market, and health care; Empower local refugee communities through assisting in the development of training and capacity building programs, social and cultural activities, and refugee participation in civic decision-making processes as well as in general Israeli life.																																														
] People look at Grace and assume she is fine and then react to her difficulty as if she is being lazy or choosing to be obstinate.																																														
It was not until 1990 that the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) was passed, legally prohibiting discrimination on account of disability, and mandating disability access in all buildings and public areas.																																														
I explained that I wanted to remove the severe and gratuitous social handicaps inflicted on disabled people, and often on their families and friends, not just by their exclusion from town and county halls, art galleries, libraries and many of the universities, but even from pubs, restaurants, theatres, cinemas and other places of entertainment .																																														
Critiques of the Neurodiversity Movement, a 2020 review, argued two basic observations:  Many people who do not have an autism diagnosis have autistic traits.																																														
Cuvier, 1829) (Oriental flying gurnard) Dactyloptena papilio J. D. Ogilby, 1910 (Butterfly flying-gurnard) Dactyloptena peterseni (Nyström, 1887) (Starry flying gurnard) Dactyloptena tiltoni Eschmeyer, 1997 (Plain helmet gurnard)   =																																														
Year                     Conference Champion                  Tournament Champion   1977                                                                Faith   1978                                                                Faith   1979                                                                Friends (Barclay)   1980                                                                Grace   1981                                                                Friends (Barclay)   1982                                                                Calvary   1983                                                                Grace   1984                        Faith                                   Faith   1985                        Grace                                   Grace   1986                        Grace                                   Grace   1987                        Faith                                   Faith   1988                        Calvary/Grace                           Calvary   1989                        Calvary                                 Calvary   1990                        Calvary                                 Calvary   1991                        Calvary/Manhattan                       Calvary   1992                        Faith                                   Manhattan   1993                        Manhattan                               Manhattan   1994                        Faith                                   Faith   1995                        Faith                                   Faith   1996                        Faith                                   Faith   1997                        Grace                                   Faith   1998                        Faith                                   Faith   1999                        Manhattan                               Manhattan   2000                        Ozark                                   Ozark   2001                        Ozark                                   Grace   2002                        Nebraska                                Nebraska   2003                        Nebraska/Ozark                          Ozark   2004                        Grace                                   Ozark   2005                        Grace                                   Grace   2006                        Grace                                   Grace   2007                        Grace                                   Grace   2008                        Manhattan                               Manhattan   2009                        Manhattan                               no tournament   2010                        Ozark                                   no tournament   2011                        Ozark                                   no tournament   2012                        Manhattan                               Manhattan   2013                        Manhattan                               Manhattan   2014                        Ozark                                   Ozark   2015                        Manhattan                               Manhattan   2016                        Manhattan                               Ozark   2017                        Emmaus                                  Emmaus   2018                        Emmaus                                  Emmaus   2019                        Manhattan                               Manhattan   2020                        Manhattan                               Manhattan   =																																														
The following are carbon dioxide-generated cold water geysers:  Andernach Geyser (aka Namedyer Sprudel), (Eifel, Germany) Crystal Geyser (near Green River, Utah, United States) Saratoga springs Mokena Geyser (Te Aroha, New Zealand) Soda Springs Geyser, (Idaho, United States) Wallender Born (aka Brubbel), (Eifel, Germany)   =																																														
The Beauty of Grace video was included in the Make Some Noise [Bonus DVD], Release Date: July 15, 2008.																																														
Cryptophorellia elongatula Freidberg & Hancock, 1989 Cryptophorellia flava Freidberg & Hancock, 1989 Cryptophorellia longicauda Freidberg & Hancock, 1989 Cryptophorellia madagascariensis Freidberg & Hancock, 1989 Cryptophorellia minuta Freidberg & Hancock, 1989 Cryptophorellia montana Freidberg & Hancock, 1989 Cryptophorellia munroi Freidberg & Hancock, 1989 Cryptophorellia peringueyi (Bezzi, 1924) Cryptophorellia phaeoptera (Bezzi, 1926) Cryptophorellia prairiensis Freidberg & Hancock, 1989 Cryptophorellia stenoptera Freidberg & Hancock, 1989 Cryptophorellia stuckenbergi Freidberg & Hancock, 1989 Cryptophorellia tarsata Freidberg & Hancock, 1989 Cryptophorellia trivittata Freidberg & Hancock, 1989 Cryptophorellia vumbaensis Freidberg & Hancock, 1989 Cryptophorellia zombaensis Freidberg & Hancock, 1989   =																																														
punctipennis) T. punctipennis Bezzi, 1921 (Afrotropical: Namibia, South Africa (KwaZulu-Natal), Zimbabwe) T. quadricellulata Hesse, 1963 (Afrotropical: Namibia, South Africa (Northern Cape, Western Cape)) T. seyrigi Séguy, 1934 (Palaearctic: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Cyprus, Gruzia) T. travassosi (d’Andretta & Carrera, 1950) (Neotropical: Brazil (São Paulo)) T. tristis (Séguy, 1930) (Neotropical: Cuba) T. trivittata Bezzi, 1908 (Afrotropical: Congo, Guinea-Bissau, Nigeria) T. turkestanica Paramonov, 1933 (Palaearctic: Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan) T. varipennis Williston, 1901 (Nearctic: Mexico (Colima, Guerrero, Morelos, Veracruz-Llave).																																														
Superfamily Muscoidea Anthomyiidae - cabbage flies Fanniidae Muscidae - house flies Scathophagidae - dung flies Superfamily Oestroidea Calliphoridae Mystacinobiidae Oestridae Rhinophoridae Sarcophagidae Tachinidae Ulurumyiidae Superfamily Hippoboscoidea Glossinidae Hippoboscidae Nycteribiidae StreblidaeThe Mormotomyiidae belong to the Ephydroidea and not to Hippoboscoidea as previously construed.																																														
This along with the symbolic sword †, indicates that the pilot was known to be either killed in action, missing in action, died of wounds, or killed in a flying accident during World War I.   =																																														
Chrysomya villeneuvi, or hairy maggot, is a South East Asian fly species of forensic importance because the maggots of this species have been collected from human corpses.																																														
The cherry fruit fly, Rhagoletis cingulata (Loew), is found from Michigan to New Hampshire, southward to Florida, occurring over the entire middle and eastern region of the United States and also in southeastern and southcentral Canada.																																														
Pacerone (Upsher-Smith Laboratories) paclitaxel (INN) pacrinolol (INN) padimate A (INN) padimate O (INN) padoporfin (INN) pafenolol (INN) paflufocon D-hem-iberfilcon A (USAN) pafuramidine maleate (USAN) pagibaximab (INN) Pagitane (Eli Lilly and Company) pagoclone (INN) paguinal hydrochloride (USAN) palatrigine (INN) paldimycin (INN) palifermin (USAN) palifosfamide (USAN) palinavir (INN) palindore fumarate (USAN) paliperidone (USAN) paliroden (INN) palivizumab (INN) palmidrol (INN) palmoxiric acid (INN) palonidipine (INN) palonosetron (INN) palovarotene (USAN)   =																																														
samalizumab (INN) Samarium (153Sm) lexidronam (INN) sameridine (INN) samixogrel (INN) sampatrilat (INN) sampirtine (INN) Sanctura sancycline (INN) Sandimmune Sandomigran Sandostatin (Novartis brand) Sandril sanfetrinem (INN) SangCya sanguinarium chloride (INN) Sanorex Sansac Sansert Santyl sapacitabine (INN, USAN) saperconazole (INN) saprisartan (INN) sapropterin dihydrochloride (USAN) sapropterin (INN) saquinavir (INN)   =																																														
What the author found is that when horses grazed in fields that did not have weeds and had other non-grassy plants removed (hence a lower level of biodiversity), these bloodlines appeared to under-perform when compared to those that had been allowed to graze from fields in which other plants and weeds were allowed to grow freely.																																														
In the book Back from the Brink, an example is used of the various bloodlines of race horses in the UK and USA.																																														
Alimentos La Giralda is a Venezuelan trading company that imports, produces and distributes foodstuffs such as capers, pickles, olives, canned fruits and canned vegetables.																																														
Many drugs have more than one name and, therefore, the same drug may be listed more than once.																																														
The company is based in Mercato San Severino, close to Salerno in southern Italy, within the main Italian industrial tomato processing district.																																														
A ration card allows households to purchase highly subsidised food grain, sugar and kerosene from their local Public distribution system (PDS) shop.																																														
In an important city, especially in a city state (Stadtstaat), where one of the Bürgermeister has a rank equivalent to that of a minister-president (governor), there can be several posts called Bürgermeister in the city's executive college, justifying the use of a compound title for the actual highest magistrate (also rendered as lord mayor), such as: Regierender Bürgermeister (literally 'governing burgomaster', commonly translated as governing mayor) in West Berlin and reunited Berlin, while in Berlin the term Bürgermeister without attribute – English Mayor – refers to his deputies, and while the heads of the 12 boroughs of Berlin are called Bezirksbürgermeister, English borough mayor.																																														
These steaks can be enjoyed as follows:  In place of other types of beef steaks that are braised, grilled, fondued or pan fried As a casserole As one savoury ingredient in a meat pie   =																																														
The Soviet space program came under the control of the Russian Federation in December 1991; the new program, now called the Russian Federal Space Agency, retained continuity of equipment and personnel with the Soviet program.																																														
However, scientists disagree about just how much time giraffes spend feeding at levels beyond the reach of other browsers, and a 2010 study found that adult giraffes with longer necks actually suffered higher mortality rates under drought conditions than their shorter-necked counterparts.																																														
In 1982, the stadium was badly damaged by Hurricane Paul, which restricted the team to day games only the following season, as they were without lights.																																														
In early Modern English the spellings jarraf and ziraph were used, probably directly from the Arabic, and in Middle English orafle and gyrfaunt, gerfaunt.																																														
In 1874 he opened a photographic studio in Asakusa, Tokyo and subsequently moved to Yokohama in 1883, opening his most successful studio.																																														
The following is a list of the 25 cantons of the Hérault department, in France, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:   =																																														
William and Air Raid Precautions is the 21st book of children's short stories in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton.																																														
John Swift (27 June 1790, in Philadelphia – 9 June 1873, in Philadelphia) was an American lawyer and politician and long-time mayor of Philadelphia.																																														
Gillett's Crossing (also known as Gillett's Crossing St Annes and Gillett's Crossing Old Links) was a halt on the Fylde Coast railway line, in Lancashire, England.																																														
Because the Potomac belongs to Maryland, the majority of its islands lie within that state with some exceptions including portions located in the District of Columbia.																																														
Stories about the last days of Poe, Dickinson, Twain, James and Hemingway is a collection of short stories by Joyce Carol Oates.																																														
Blanche Sweet as The Girl Wilfred Lucas as The Manley Suitor Charles West as The Shiftless Suitor Joseph Graybill as The City Suitor Kate Toncray as The Girl's Mother   =																																														
His first, "Percy Whitlock - A Biographical Study" was published to critical acclaim, as was the "Percy Whitlock Companion", a collection of letters and diary extracts of the early 20th-century composer.																																														
As the title suggests, the stories are about the final days in the lives of authors Edgar Allan Poe, Emily Dickinson, Mark Twain, Henry James and Ernest Hemingway.																																														
The rhyme is referenced in the Fall Out Boy song, "I Slept With Someone In Fall Out Boy And All I Got Was This Stupid Song Written About Me".																																														
The final two episodes of Season 2 of How I Met Your Mother are titled "Something Borrowed" and "Something Blue" in reference to the wedding occurring between the characters Marshall and Lily on the show.																																														
The specific name honours the English military doctor and naturalist Francis Day (1829-1889) who was the Inspector-General of Fisheries in India.																																														
On February 6, 1884, it emerged as the Crawford County Railroad which was then acquired nine days later by the Kansas Southern Railroad.																																														
Phyllachora pomigena is a plant pathogen responsible for Sooty blotch and flyspeck disease, a disease affecting apples and pears.																																														
It is occasionally recorded from central and southern Texas and New Mexico and rarely from southern Arizona and Kansas.																																														
Silpha is a genus of the family Silphidae, or carrion beetles, native to the Old World, with one species that is adventive in Canada.																																														
Trillium recurvatum, the prairie trillium, toadshade, or bloody butcher, is a species of perennial herbaceous flowering plant in the family Melanthiaceae.																																														
Trillium recurvatum grows up to 40 cm (16 in) tall with three ovate to lanceolate bracts, mottled green, 6 to 18 cm (2 to 7 in) long and 2 to 6.																																														
Sideroxylon salicifolium, commonly called white bully or willow bustic, is a species of flowering plant native to Florida, the West Indies and Central America.																																														
Diagnostic characters: they are trees, with the flowers not involucrated, ovary superior, nine or fewer fertile stamens, anthers four-locular and nine tepals, and the fruit with cupules (see illustration).																																														
: 519  The edges of the petals lack the fringe of hairs seen in L. punctata, and the hairy sepals have a conspicuous orange margin.																																														
In a 100-g reference amount, the raw fruit provides 80 Calories and is a rich source (20% or more of the Daily Value, DV) of vitamin C (22% DV), magnesium (32% DV), iron (54% DV), and manganese (124% DV).																																														
Young palmyra seedlings grow slowly, producing only a few leaves each year (establishment phase), but at an as yet undetermined time, they grow rapidly, producing a substantial stem.																																														
He was born as Yefim Grodziński in Pskov, Russian Empire, studied law,  and in 1957 (during the Repatriation of Poles (1955–1959)) emigrated from Vilnius, the Soviet Union to Warsaw, Poland.																																														
Its dialect has been called Digambara Sauraseni (or Jain Sauraseni) and proposed to reflect the language of ancient Mathura region by Indian scholars.																																														
Nelson Goodman's Theory of Symbols and its Applications, ISBN 0-8153-2612-2, 1997 Between the Absolute and the Arbitrary (Paperback), Cornell University Press, 1997 Considered Judgment, Princeton University Press, 1996 Philosophical Inquiry: Classic and Contemporary Readings, 2007 Begging to differ, The Philosophers' Magazine, December, 2012 True Enough, MIT Press, 2017 "Understanding in Science and Elsewhere": Interview with Catherine Z. Elgin about her philosophy and her intellectual biography, published 2019 on 3:AM Magazine [1] and republished on 3:16 [2]   =																																														
In Tibet the debate continued, with Je Tsongkhapa championing Haribhadra's position and Gorampa of the Sakya school promoting the other.																																														
Notable works include Japanese horror ("kaidan") classics: Kaidan botan dōrō (based on Botan Dōrō (牡丹灯籠, The Peony Lantern), and Shincho Kasane ga Fuchi (on which many Japanese horror films such as Kaidan Kasane-ga-fuchi are based).																																														
Ruan Ji (210–263) Wang Bi (226–249) — commentator on the Tao Te Ching and the I Ching Guo Xiang (died 312) Zhi Dun (314–366) Sengzhao (384–414) Ge Hong (4th century) Zhiyi (538–597) Jizang (549–623) Huineng (638–713) Fazang (643–712) Li Ao (722–841) Han Yu (768–824) Zongmi (780–841) Linji Yixuan (died 866)   =																																														
Pyrrho, His Antecedents and His Legacy, Oxford University Press, 2000, ISBN 978-0-19-825065-4 The Cambridge Companion to Ancient Scepticism, Editor Richard Bett, Cambridge University Press, 2010, ISBN 978-0-521-69754-5   =																																														
In collaboration with Samantha Vice, he has edited and contributed to Ethics at the Cinema, which was published by Oxford University Press in 2010.																																														
Haribhadra's interpretation of the Abhisamayalankara, particularly his four-kaya model, was controversial and contradicted the earlier normative interpretation popularized by Vimuktasena.																																														
He Qifang (5 February 1912 – 24 July 1977; Chinese: 何其芳; pinyin: Hé Qífāng) was a Chinese poet, essayist, literary critic and redologist.																																														
At the time of his death he was the head of the London Buddhist Vihara and the Head of the Sangha (Sanghanayaka) of the United Kingdom and Europe of the Siam Nikaya of Sri Lanka".																																														
It is found from British Columbia east across southern Canada to Maine and Nova Scotia, south to central California, northern New Mexico, Texas, the Gulf states and northern Florida.																																														
They construct a tent-shaped shelter made from silk and twisted leaves of its host plant where it rests during the day.																																														
2008 Cladopelma curtivalve (Kieffer, 1917) Cladopelma edwardsi (Kruseman, 1933) Cladopelma forcipes (Rempel, 1939) Cladopelma galeator (Townes, 1945) Cladopelma goetghebueri Spies et Sæther 2004 Cladopelma inflexum (Freeman, 1957) Cladopelma krusemani (Goetghebuer, 1935) Cladopelma laccophila(Kieffer, 1922) Cladopelma spectabilis (Townes, 1945) Cladopelma subnigrum (Brundin, 1947) Cladopelma virescens (Meigen, 1818) type species, by designation of Harnisch (1923) Cladopelma viridulum (Linnaeus, 1767)   =																																														
The adult butterflies do not visit flowers, instead obtaining their nourishment by sucking the juices from rotting fruit.																																														
This species occurs in:  Bulgaria Czech Republic – it lives mainly in Moravia and in eastern Bohemia, but there are also isolated populations near Prague Germany – lives only in Bayern and is endangered (Gefährdet) Poland Slovakia   =																																														
cinerea)Hesperiidae  Foulquier's grizzled skipper (Pyrgus bellieri) – on various Potentilla species Carline skipper (Pyrgus carlinae) – only on spring cinquefoil (P.																																														
Oileides amazonensis (Bell, 1947) O. amazonensis amazonensis Colombia O. amazonensis renta (Evans, 1952) Peru Oileides azines (Hewitson, 1867) Brazil (Amazonas), French Guiana, Surinam Oileides fenestratus  (Gmelin, [1790]) French Guiana Oileides vulpinus Hübner, [1825] O. vulpinus vulpinus Brazil O. vulpinus guyanensis (Mabille & Boullet, 1912) French Guiana   =																																														
Cyphostemma is a flowering plant genus in the family Vitaceae, with around 250 species distributed throughout the tropics and subtropics.																																														
Antigius attilia (Bremer, 1861) Antigius butleri (Fenton, 1881) Antigius cheni Koiwaya, 2004 Antigius jinpingi Hsu, 2009 Antigius shizuyai Koiwaya, 2002   =																																														
Muschampia lavatherae (Esper, 1783) Muschampia leuzeae (Oberthür, 1881) Muschampia lutulentus (Grum-Grshimailo, 1887) Syria, Mesopotamia to Central Asia, Afghanistan Muschampia mohammed (Oberthür, 1887) Muschampia musta Evans, 1949 Afghanistan Muschampia nobilis (Staudinger, 1882) Central Asian mountain ranges Muschampia nomas (Lederer, 1855) Israel Muschampia orientalis (Reverdin, 1913) Muschampia plurimacula (Christoph, 1893) Hyrcania Muschampia poggei (Lederer, 1858) Asia Minor, Mesopotamia to Middle East, Transcaucasia Muschampia prometheus (Grum-Grshimailo, 1890) Central Asian mountain ranges Muschampia proteides (F.																																														
Hesperilla flavescens flavescens Altona skipper butterfly (near Altona and Ararat, in Victoria) Hesperilla flavescens flavia (near Adelaide in South Australia)   =																																														
The Original Pantry Cafe in Los Angeles, described as the area's favorite greasy spoon that "has kept the faith for 85 years", offers maple-glazed bacon doughnuts for breakfast at its downtown location.																																														
Garnaches are especially popular in Belize, where they are made with corn, beans, and cheese being the traditional makeup, and Guatemala, being available in most restaurants as a common appetizer.																																														
In addition, a plain serving of Kellogg's Raisin Bran provides 80% of the Daily Value of manganese and 6% of the Daily Value of potassium, both important nutrients for the body.																																														
The McGriddles sandwich (colloquial singular form McGriddle) is a type of breakfast sandwich sold by the international fast food restaurant chain McDonald's.																																														
List of Governors of the Mexican state of Sonora since 1911:  2021–present Alfonso Durazo  MRN 2015–2021 Claudia Pavlovich Arellano  PRI 2009–2015 Guillermo Padrés Elías  PAN 2003–2009 Eduardo Bours Castelo  PRI 1997–2003 Armando López Nogales 1991–1997 Manlio Fabio Beltrones Rivera  PRI 1991–1991 Mario Morúa Johnson 1985–1991 Rodolfo Félix Valdés 1979–1985 Samuel Ocaña García 1975–1979 Alejandro Carrillo Marcor  PRI 1973–1975 Carlos Armando Biebrich Torres  PRI 1967–1973 Faustino Félix Serna  PRI 1961–1967 Luis Encinas Johnson  PRI 1955–1961 Álvaro Obregón Tapia  PRI 1949–1955 Ignacio Soto  PRI 1948–1949 Horacio Sobarzo  PRI 1943–1948 Abelardo L. Rodríguez, Party of the Mexican Revolution, PRM 1939–1943 Anselmo Macías Valenzuela, PRM 1937–1939 Román Yocupicio Valenzuela, National Revolutionary Party, PNR 1935–1937 Ramón Ramos, PNR 1931–1935 Rodolfo Elías Calles, PNR 1929–1931 Francisco S. Elías, PNR 1927–1929 Fausto Topete 1923–1927 Alejo Bay 1919–1923 Adolfo de la Huerta 1915–1919 Plutarco Elías Calles 1911–1915 José María Maytorena   =																																														
Ambigu is a French term that was adopted to mean 'a mixture of things' relating to a type of meal that was popular amongst the English upper class during the mid-17th and mid-18th centuries.																																														
It is commonly served in the Valle de las Salinas, and its origin is believed to be in the municipalities of Salinas Victoria or General Zuazua.																																														
First Lieutenant Mohammad Zgheib (Arabic: الملازم الأول محمد زغيب Moulazem Awal Mohamed Zughai'b) was a Lebanese officer killed in the Battle of Malkia during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War.																																														
Dalithoy or daali toy is very simple and healthy soup made with split yellow lentils in the Malvani cuisine of the Konkan region of India.																																														
Research suggests that eating commercially produced raisin bran containing sugared raisins produces acid which can lead to cavities, while home-made raisin bran, created by adding plain, unsugared raisins to bran flakes, produces less of this acid.																																														
Grilled or fried shrimp are used, usually with the same accompaniments as fish tacos: lettuce or cabbage, pico de gallo, avocado and a sour cream or citrus/mayonnaise sauce, all placed on top of a corn or flour tortilla.																																														
The Society holds annual conferences, awards prizes and fellowships, and publishes the Journal of the Early Republic.																																														
It is an annual prize and cultural initiative organized by the Municipality of Ostana and by the Cultural Association Chambra d'Oc, dedicated to languages and to literary authors who use a "mother tongue", a present-day minority language of territorial belonging, in their works.																																														
Honourable mention: Verein für Friedenspädagogik, Tübingen (Germany)1998: Educators for Peace and Mutual Understanding (Ukraine)Honourable mention: Fridtjof Nansen Academy (Norway), World Court Project (New Zealand), Ulpan Akiva Netanya (Israel)1997: Francois Giraud (France) 1996: Chiara Lubich (Italy) 1995: Study Center for Peace and Conflict Resolution (Austria) 1994:  Prayudh Payutto (Thailand) 1993: Madeleine de Vits (Belgium) and Graduate Institute of Peace Studies at Kyung Hee University (South Korea) 1992: Mother Teresa 1991: Ruth Leger Sivard (United States) / Cours Sainte Marie de Hann (Senegal) 1990: Rigoberta Menchú Tum (Guatemala) / World Order Models Project (WOMP) 1989: Robert Muller (France) / International Peace Research Association (IPRA) 1988: Frère Roger,  Taizé (France) 1987: Laurence Deonna (Switzerland) / "Servicio Paz y Justicia en America Latina" 1986: Paulo Freire (Brazil) 1985: Indar Jit Rikhye (India) / Georg-Eckert-Institut für Internationale Schulbuchforschung (Germany) 1984: IPPNW International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War 1983: Pax Christi International 1982: Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) 1981: Helena Kekkonen (Finland) / World Organization of the Scout Movement   =																																														
The ideal society according to the Quran is Dar as-Salam, literally, "the house of peace"  of which it intones: "And Allah invites to the 'abode of peace' and guides whom He pleases into the right path".																																														
The prize was modified in 2008 and joined the Edward Harrison Memorial Prize to become the Harrison-Meldola Memorial Prizes.																																														
He was awarded 2nd prizes at the 1995 Ferruccio Busoni and Arthur Rubinstein competitions before winning the 1996 Sydney International Piano Competition.																																														
Prizes are also given to publicize noteworthy or exemplary behaviour, and to provide incentives for improved outcomes and competitive efforts.																																														
Junko Sakurada, Momoe Yamaguchi, Mari Natsuki (1973) Teresa Teng (1974) Hiromi Ōta, Nana Okada (1975) Pink Lady (1976) Yū Hayami, Iyo Matsumoto, Chiemi Hori (1982) Itsumi Osawa, Maiko Itō (1983) Yōko Oginome (1984) Miyuki Imori, Yōko Ishino (1985) BaBe, Hikari Ishida, Fuyumi Sakamoto (1987) Naomi Hosokawa (1989) Noriko Katō (1992)   =																																														
The Agence de coopération culturelle et technique (ACCT, French for Agency of cultural and technical cooperation) was founded in 1970 and was the precursor to what is now the Organisation internationale de la Francophonie.																																														
The aim of the prize is honoring and encouraging young (under 45 years) economists to publish internationally well-recognized papers and books.																																														
ODLV uses the street alternative propaganda to promote classical liberalism, free-market ideas, individual rights and liberal capitalism.																																														
Such an origin suggests that Inku may be related to the Saraiki language spoken there, though nothing is conclusively known.																																														
Fernando Lázaro Carreter (Zaragoza, April 13, 1923 — March 4, 2004, in Madrid) was a Spanish linguist, journalist and literary critic.																																														
Airoran is a language of Indonesia, spoken in the north coast area on the lower Apauwer River of Papua (Irian Jaya), in the villages of Subu, Motobiak, Isirania, etc.																																														
Some states can have multilingual policies and recognize several official languages, such as Canada (English and French).																																														
Romano-Greek (also referred to as Hellenoromani; Greek: Ελληνο-ρομανική) is a nearly extinct mixed language (referred to as Para-Romani in Romani linguistics), spoken by the Romani people in Greece that arose from language contact between Romani speaking people and the Greek language.																																														
There are textbooks developed in Koya language under Mother Tongue based Multilingual Education Programme by Government of Andhra Pradesh and implemented in 50 primary schools in Koya habitations.																																														
Children brought up speaking more than one language can have more than one native language, and be bilingual or multilingual.																																														
Also called Prairie Sign Language, Plains Indian Sign Language, or First Nations Sign Language, this language functioned predominantly—and still continues to function—as a second language within most of the (now historical) countries of the Great Plains, from Newe Segobia in the West to Anishinaabewaki in the East, down into what are now the northern states of Mexico and up into Cree Country stopping before Denendeh.																																														
Kescusulyans Kernow (Conference of Cornwall) was an independent non-political Cornish conference which was held twice yearly at Perranporth, Cornwall, England, UK, between 1987-1994.																																														
Their community-based, Hawaiian educational philosophy – Ke Kumu Honua Mauli Ola – includes the use of parental labor through in-kind service, and requires that parents attended language classes and administer the schools through a parent committee.																																														
He then was rector of the Church of the Holy Family, Brampton, then Dean of Edmonton before his ordination to the episcopate in the Diocese of Qu'Appelle on May 23, 2006.																																														
List of suttas List of Digha Nikaya suttas List of Majjhima Nikaya suttas List of Samyutta Nikaya suttas List of Anguttara Nikaya suttas List of Khuddaka Nikaya suttas   =																																														
Ioan Giurgiu Patachi (1715–1727) Ioan Inocentiu Micu-Klein (1728–1751) Petru Pavel Aron (1752–1764) Atanasie Rednic (1765–1772) Grigore Maior (1772–1782) Ioan Bob (1783–1830) vacant (1830–1832) Ioan Lemeni (1832–1850)   =																																														
Pigs in the Parlor: A Practical Guide to Deliverance (1973) Kingdom Living for the Family (1985) The Breaking of Curses (1993) Comfort for the Wounded Spirit (1994)   =																																														
Skeuas) was a Jew called a "chief priest" in Acts 19:14, although whether he was a chief priest is disputed by some writers.																																														
LeGatt's Episcopal motto is Ut Unum Sint (Latin: That They May Be One) and is taken from Chapter 17, Verse 22 of The Gospel According to John.																																														
The Archeparchy of Făgăraș and Alba Iulia, (Latin: Archidioecesis Fagarasiensis et Albae Iuliensis Romenorum) in Romanian Arhieparhia de Făgăraș și Alba Iulia, is the only archeparchy of the Romanian Church United with Rome (Romanian Greek-Catholic Church).																																														
Cornelius a Lapide notes that it appears that the demon made the man deaf and dumb, who was not naturally thus.																																														
Along with them, there  are shrines for Parvathi, Lakshmi, Saraswathi, Durga, Rama, Krishna, Ganapathi, Subrahmanya, Andal, Hanuman and Navagrahas.																																														
Ordained priest in 1948, da Costa was appointed Bishop of Henrique de Carvalho (now the Diocese of Saurimo) in 1975, just months before Angola achieved recognized independence.																																														
N'Gartéri Mayadi was ordained as a priest on 30 December 1978 and became the bishop of Sarh in 1987, which he was until 1990.																																														
There are two species of large black flying squirrel:  Black flying squirrel, Aeromys tephromelas Thomas's flying squirrel, Aeromys thomasi   =																																														
According to New Advent, "the philosophical possibility and the critical ascertainment of the supernatural order are the central point of Christian apologetics".																																														
The Basilan flying squirrel (Philippines flying squirrel or Mindanao flying squirrel) (Petinomys crinitus) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.																																														
Species include:  Particolored flying squirrel - H. alboniger (Hodgson, 1836) Bartel's flying squirrel - H. bartelsi Chasen, 1939 Hainan flying squirrel - H. electilis (Allen, 1925) Palawan flying squirrel - H. nigripes (Thomas, 1893) Indochinese flying squirrel - H. phayrei (Blyth, 1859) Jentink's flying squirrel - H. platyurus (Jentink, 1890) Arrow flying squirrel - H. sagitta (Linnaeus, 1766) Sipora flying squirrel - H. sipora Chasen, 1940 Red-cheeked flying squirrel - H. spadiceus (Blyth, 1847) Sumatran flying squirrel - H. winstoni (Sody, 1949)   =																																														
Rokometno društvo Škofja Loka, commonly referred to as RD Loka or simply Loka, was a handball club from Škofja Loka, Slovenia.																																														
Species include:  Basilan flying squirrel (Petinomys crinitus) Travancore flying squirrel (Petinomys fuscocapillus) Whiskered flying squirrel (Petinomys genibarbis) Hagen's flying squirrel (Petinomys hageni) Siberut flying squirrel (Petinomys lugens) Mindanao flying squirrel (Petinomys mindanensis) Arrow flying squirrel (Petinomys sagitta) Temminck's flying squirrel (Petinomys setosus) Vordermann's flying squirrel (Petinomys vordermanni)   =																																														
Family SciuridaeSubfamily Callosciurinae Tribe Callosciurini Callosciurus - Beautiful squirrels (15 species) Dremomys     - Red-cheeked squirrels or Asian montane squirrels (six species) Exilisciurus - Asian pygmy squirrels (three species) Glyphotes    - sculptor squirrel Hyosciurus   - Long-nosed squirrels (two species) Lariscus     - Striped ground squirrels (four species) Menetes      - Berdmore's ground squirrel or Indochinese ground squirrel Nannosciurus - Black-eared pygmy squirrel Prosciurillus- Dwarf squirrels or Sulawesi tree squirrels (five species) Rhinosciurus - Shrew-faced squirrel Rubrisciurus - Red-bellied squirrel or Sulawesi giant squirrel Sundasciurus - Sunda tree squirrels (two subgenera, 15 species) Tamiops      - Asiatic striped squirrels (four species) Tribe Funambulini Funambulus - palm squirrels (two subgenera, five species)   =																																														
Within Abrahamic religions, angels are often organized into hierarchies, although such rankings may vary between sects in each religion, and are given specific names or titles, such as Gabriel or "Destroying angel".																																														
African striped squirrels (genus  Funisciurus), or rope squirrels, form a taxon of squirrels under the subfamily Xerinae and the tribe Protoxerini.																																														
Handwashing with soap is a very effective and the least expensive way to prevent diarrhea and acute respiratory infections.																																														
In a study conducted in Kenya, researchers found that students were much more likely to wash their hands when another student is present.																																														
This office worked closely together with the offices of the laundry (washing and storage of clothing) and the ewery (water and the vessels for drinking or washing of the person), and the three could be concurrent in smaller households.																																														
Typical toiletries offered at many hotels include:  small bar of soap disposable shower cap small bottle of moisturizer small bottles of shampoo and conditioner toilet paper box of facial tissue face towels disposable shoe polishing cloth Toothpaste Toothbrush Cologne   =																																														
A golf towel is a small towel which usually comes with a loop or clip to attach to a golf bag for drying hands, golfballs, and clubs.																																														
45% in the U.S.), the proliferation of paper towels, which are mostly non-recyclable, has globally adverse effects on the environment.																																														
Taharah (ritual purity) involves performing wudu (ablution) for the five daily salah (prayers), as well as regularly performing ghusl (bathing), which led to bathhouses being built across the Islamic world.																																														
They are generally not to be used for drying, as regular washing ruins the added trim, and the towels usually shrink differently than the trim.																																														
The common factors in the fecal-oral route can be summarized as five Fs: fingers, flies, fields, fluids, and food.																																														
Other parts of Kibera include Laini Saba, Lindi, Makina, Kianda, Mashimoni, Soweto East, Kisumu Ndogo and Siranga.																																														
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), a virucide is "An agent that kills viruses to make them noninfective".																																														
The Villa Medici is a patrician villa in Fiesole, Tuscany, Italy, the fourth oldest of the villas built for the Medici family.																																														
& R. Felder, 1861) – Salome yellow Eurema tupuntenem Lichy, 1976 Eurema xantochlora (Kollar, 1850) – tropical yellowSpecies group abaeis:  Eurema nicippe (Cramer, [1779]) Eurema nicippiformis Munroe, 1947Species group pyrisitia:  Eurema chamberlaini Butler, 1897 Eurema dina (Poey, 1832) – bush sulphur or dina yellow Eurema euterpiformis Munroe, 1947 Eurema leuce (Boisduval, 1836) – Hall's sulphur Eurema lisa (Boisduval & Leconte, 1829) – little yellow Eurema messalina (Fabricius, 1787) – shy yellow Eurema nise (Cramer, [1775]) – mimosa yellow Eurema portoricensis (Dewitz, 1877)  – Puerto Rican yellow Eurema proterpia (Fabricius, 1775) – tailed orange or little jaune Eurema pyro (Godart, 1819) Eurema venusta (Boisduval, 1836)Species group teriocolias:  Eurema zelia (Lucas, 1852)Unknown species group  Eurema doris (Röber, 1909) Eurema irena Corbet & Pendlebury, 1932 Eurema ormistoni (Watkins, 1925) Eurema raymundoi (D'Almeida, 1928) Eurema tondana (Felder, C & R Felder, 1865)   =																																														
In its pure form it is more toxic and has up to five times the potency as a vesicant compared to standard mustard gas, though it is a solid at room temperature and so was only ever deployed as mixtures with the original mustard, with phosgene, or as a solution.																																														
A mustard-colored belt is awarded to the winner of the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest at Nathan's Famous in Coney Island, New York.																																														
Titanium yellow, also nickel antimony titanium yellow, nickel antimony titanium yellow rutile, CI Pigment Yellow 53, or C.I. 77788, is a yellow pigment with the chemical composition of NiO·Sb2O3·20TiO2.																																														
Sudan Yellow 3G is used as a pigment in cosmetics and printer toners, and as a dye in inks, including inks for inkjet printers.																																														
{\sqrt {\frac {\int _{0}^{\infty }(\tau -{\overline {\tau }})^{2}A_{c}(\tau )d\tau }{\int _{0}^{\infty }A_{c}(\tau )d\tau }}}}   The formula above is also known as the root of the second central moment of the normalised delay power density spectrum The importance of delay spread is how it affects the Inter Symbol Interference (ISI).																																														
O. albipunctatus O. Pickard-Cambridge, 1872 — Syria O. alhoutyae Wunderlich, 1995 — Kuwait O. amboseli Shear & Benoit, 1974 — Egypt, Ethiopia, Kenya, Uganda, Rwanda.																																														
The coherence bandwidth varies over cellular or PCS communications paths because the multipath spread D varies from path to path.																																														
Related lead sulfochromate pigments are produced by the replacement of some chromate by sulfate, resulting in a mixed lead-chromate-sulfate compositions Pb(CrO4)1-x(SO4)x.																																														
Medicinal leeches have three jaws (tripartite) that resemble saws, on which are approximately 100 sharp edges used to incise the host.																																														
Currently, 28 recognized species are in this genus: Catostomus ardens D. S. Jordan & C. H. Gilbert, 1881 (Utah sucker) Catostomus bernardini Girard, 1856 (Yaqui sucker) Catostomus bondi G. R. Smith, J. D. Stewart & N. E. Carpenter, 2013 Catostomus cahita Siebert & W. L. Minckley, 1986 (Cahita sucker) Catostomus catostomus (J.																																														
Leeches have been used in medicine from ancient times until the 19th century to draw blood from patients.																																														
Some - among them the well-known European medical leech (Hirudo medicinalis) of the Hirudiniformes - are bloodsuckers, while most - including the Kinabalu giant red leech (Mimobdella buettikoferi) of the Erpobdelliformes - are predators that hunt small invertebrates, which are swallowed whole.																																														
Three families are recognized: The Glossiphoniidae are freshwater leeches, flattened, and with a poorly defined anterior sucker.																																														
Caryophillideans represent a unique type of tapeworm, such that they possess a monzoic, unsegmented, body, with only a single set of reproductive organs.																																														
Afterwards it secretes material that forms a cocoon that encircles the animal's body and encloses the eggs and sperm.																																														
But this does not represent a natural division, as has now been determined - the most primitive proboscisless leeches are not found among the jawed blood-sucking forms as was generally believed, but among the jawless predators.																																														
The marine worms identified at the Houtman Abrolhos comprise 22 species of the polychaete family Terebellidae, and 16 species of the family oligochaete family Tubificidae.																																														
They have a digestive tract that consists of mouth, pharynx, esophagus, six-chambered stomach, three-chambered intestine, rectum, and anus.																																														
Types include:  Cancer of the female genital organs: (Cervical cancer, Endometrial cancer, Ovarian cancer, Uterine cancer, Vaginal cancer, Vaginal tumors, Vulvar cancer) Cancer of the male genital organs (Carcinoma of the penis, Prostate cancer, Testicular cancer) Cancer of the urinary organs (Bladder cancer, Renal cell carcinoma)   =																																														
Dietary restriction of the mutant mice, while delaying aging, also appeared to slow the accumulation of genome wide DNA damage and to preserve transcriptional output, thus contributing to improved cell viability.																																														
Dysplasia is an abnormal type of excessive cell proliferation characterized by loss of normal tissue arrangement and cell structure in pre-malignant cells.																																														
It has been shown that nicotine exposure directly activates FOXM1 activity in human oral keratinocytes and induced malignant transformation.																																														
Given that many cases of Sertoli–Leydig cell tumor of the ovary are hereditary, referral to a clinical genetics service should be considered.																																														
The unusual name "triton" was first used in reference to observation of supernumerary limbs containing bone and muscle growing on the backs of triton salamanders after the implantation of sciatic nerve tissue.																																														
The CHD1L macro-domain interacts with the PAR moiety of PARylated-PARP1 to facilitate early-stage reprogramming and pluripotency in stem cells.																																														
At DSBs, in association with Ku (protein), it promotes standard or canonical NHEJ (c-NHEJ), repairing double-strand breaks in DNA with its enzymatic functions and with a fair degree of accuracy.																																														
The role of the deoxyriboside form of 8-oxoguanine, 8-oxo-2'-deoxyguanosine (abbreviated 8-oxo-dG or 8-OHdG) in cancer and aging also applies to 8-oxoguanine.																																														
However, within the same pregnancy, the mother wants to conserve as much of her resources as possible towards future births without compromising the health of the child(ren) she is currently carrying.																																														
The condition is caused by a frameshift mutation in the keratin 10 gene (KRT10); mutant keratin 10 accumulates in the nucleolus, a sub-nuclear structure, rather than within cellular intermediate filaments like the wild-type protein.																																														
Comprehensive tables for radiation lengths and other properties of materials are available from the Particle Data Group.																																														
When the instrument on the moving earth is observed from a stationary point outside earth, the mirror at b1 already moved to b while light was traveling there from a. “This meant that Michelson had overestimated by a factor of two the fringe shifts originally expected”.																																														
His doctoral student Marie Curie discovered that only certain chemical elements gave off these rays of energy.																																														
Ultracold atoms are also used in experiments for precision measurements enabled by the low thermal noise and, in some cases, by exploiting quantum mechanics to exceed the standard quantum limit.																																														
On the Difference Between our Sensations and the Things That Produce Them In What the Heat and Light of Fire Consists On Hardness and Liquidity On the Void, and How it Happens that Our Senses Are Not Aware of Certain Bodies On the Number of Elements and on Their Qualities Description of a New World, and on the Qualities of the Matter of Which it is Composed On the Laws of Nature of this New World On the Formation of the Sun and the Stars of the New World On the Origin and the Course of the Planets and Comets in General; and of Comets in Particular On the Planets in General, and in Particular on the Earth and Moon On Weight On the Ebb and Flow of the Sea On Light On the Properties of Light That the Face of the Heaven of That New World Must Appear to Its Inhabitants Completely like That of Our World   =																																														
When an electrical potential of several thousand volts is applied between the cathode and anode, faint luminous "rays" are seen extending from the holes in the back of the cathode.																																														
h\nu -I\,}   ,where h is Planck's constant, ν is the frequency of the ionizing light, and I is an ionization energy for the formation of a singly charged ion in either the ground state or an excited state.																																														
The first phase of the NPDGamma experiment was carried out at Los Alamos National Lab in 2006, but did not have the statistical sensitivity to test theoretical predictions (                                   A                        γ                             =																																														
Gamma-ray bursts have very diverse time profiles, and it is not fully understood why some bursts have multiple peaks and some have only one.																																														
It has greatly benefited over the years from its close proximity and special relationship with Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL).																																														
When the wavelength of the electrons is larger than the crystal spacing, the electrons will propagate freely throughout the metal without collision.																																														
In June 2008 he was signed by Série C club Macaé, which he scored 3 goals (1 goal and a brace) for the team at the first stage.																																														
Flatback syndrome is a problem that develops in some patients treated with Harrington rod instrumentation, where the rod extends down into lower part of the lumbar spine.																																														
Most medical conditions can have systemic sequelae, but multiple abnormalities occur when the effects on multiple systems is immediately obvious.																																														
In patients with progressive kyphotic deformity due to vertebral collapse, a procedure called a kyphoplasty may arrest the deformity and relieve the pain.																																														
In a supine film, it appears as a deep, lucent, ipsilateral costophrenic angle within the nondependent portions of the pleural space as opposed to the apex (of the lung) when the patient is upright.																																														
Adolescent idiopathic scoliosis has no clear causal agent, and is generally believed to be multifactorial; leading to "progressive functional limitations" for individuals.																																														
These devices are designed to limit pathologic extension of the spinal segments and maintain them in a neutral or slightly flexed position, which may allow patients to resume their normal posture rather than flex the entire spine to gain symptom relief.																																														
Scheuermann's disease is notorious for causing lower and mid-level back and neck pain, which can be severe and disabling.																																														
The Cobb angle is named after the American orthopedic surgeon John Robert Cobb (1903–1967), was originally used to measure coronal plane deformity on radiographs with antero-posterior projection for the classification of scoliosis.																																														
In an earlier University of Iowa follow-up study, 91% of people with idiopathic scoliosis displayed normal pulmonary function, and their life expectancy was 2% less than that of the general population.																																														
Another major change from Baroque furnishings was that bureau cabinets or secretary desk surpassed writing tables (used in the 16th and 17th centuries) in popularity.																																														
Surprisingly, Italian armchairs during the Neoclassical period made a return to the Baroque style, with heavy and bulky straight legs and sculptural carvings.																																														
The Townley Vase is a large Roman marble vase of the 2nd century CE, discovered in 1773 by the Scottish antiquarian and dealer in antiquities Gavin Hamilton in excavating a Roman villa at Monte Cagnolo, between Genzano and Civita Lavinia, near the ancient Lanuvium, in Lazio, southeast of Rome.																																														
Pavonazzetto was not widely or extensively used before the Roman period; there is no evidence of it in circulation before the last two decades B.C. Later it was used in Rome in Trajan's Markets and for the Memoria Petri, the tomb of Saint Peter and internationally in the influential Baroque Revival style historic buildings the Church of St. Ignatius Loyola, in New York City, and Belfast City Hall in Belfast, Northern Ireland.																																														
During the 18th century the simple swastika became more popular in Finnish wood decoration than the more complex tursaansydän.																																														
Built in 1865 as the home of William Marshall Anderson, the house has been ranked as a leading example of Gothic Revival architecture.																																														
The Piranesi Vase or Boyd Vase is a reconstructed, colossal marble calyx krater from ancient Rome, on three legs and a triangular base, with a relief around the sides of the vase.																																														
Berenice Venus or "The Benghazi Venus" is an ancient Cyrenaican Greek marble statue of the goddess of sexuality and erotic love Venus (150–100 BCE).																																														
Egyptomania; Egypt in Western Art; 1730–1930, Jean-marcel Humbert, Michael Pantazzi and Christiane Ziegler, 1994 The Egyptian revival : its sources, monuments, and meaning, 1808–1858, Richard G. Carrott, 1978 The Egyptian Revival: Ancient Egypt as the Inspiration for Design Motifs in the West, James Stevens Curl, 2005 Household Furniture and Interior Decoration, Thomas Hope, 1807   =																																														
The Queen Anne style began to evolve during the reign of William III of England (1689-1702), but the term predominantly describes decorative styles from the mid-1720s to around 1760, although Queen Anne reigned earlier (1702-1714).																																														
At the Gobelins, much more than tapestry was made for the furnishing of the royal palaces and the occasional ambassadorial gift: the celebrated silver furnishings for the Galerie des Glaces at Versailles was produced by silversmiths working to designs by Charles Le Brun at the Gobelins.																																														
A piece of millefiori was found, along with unworked garnets, in a purse at the early 7th century Anglo-Saxon burial site at Sutton Hoo.																																														
In both the Nicoya and Atlantic-Watershed regions, metates are often made with saurian (specifically crocodile, alligator, or caiman) imagery.																																														
Ta' Kola Windmill, Maltese: Il-Mitħna ta' Kola, is a windmill in the village of Xagħra, on the island of Gozo in the Maltese archipelago.																																														
This involves the merging of two cane bubbles (one inside the other) in which the straight canes were twisted in opposite directions.																																														
To produce this tiny bead, hollow tubes of colored glass are formed, then chopped and re-fired for smoothness and shade.																																														
The rapid absorption of heat by the marver creates a stronger skin (surface tension) than the use of a wooden tool.																																														
One familiar style is the flower or star shape which, when used together in large numbers from a number of different canes, is called millefiori.																																														
The mill was on the Buildings at Risk Register in 1995 but repairs have since been carried out to the weatherboarding to ensure the mill's survival.																																														
Socket 7 typically uses a 321-pin (arranged as 19 by 19 pins) SPGA ZIF socket or the very rare 296-pin (arranged as 37 by 37 pins) SPGA LIF socket.																																														
After the abolition of thirlage the term 'lick of goodwill' or 'lock' was the term for the miller's payment for grinding the cereal, etc.																																														
The Lord's Prayer Our Father, who art in heaven,  hallowed be thy Name, thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven.																																														
Commonly toddler beds have low side rails (cot sides, possibly removable) on each side to prevent accidental rolling out of the bed while asleep, rather than being fully enclosed like an infant bed.																																														
National honor had [now] been satisfied," says historian Lance Banning, "Americans celebrated the end of the struggle with a brilliant burst of national pride.																																														
Hapoel Tel AvivAFC champions league (1): 1967 Israeli Premier League (3): 1965–66, 1968–69, 1973–74 Israel Super Cup (1): 1970 Israel State Cup (1): 1972Maccabi NetanyaIsraeli Premier League (1): 1973–74   =																																														
The men's singles three-cushion billiards competition at the 2005 World Games took place from 20 to 24 July 2005 at the Saalbau Bottrop in Duisburg, Germany.																																														
In France, it is called a traversin or polochon and is mostly used as a pillow, especially by the elderly in rural areas but also for summer camps.																																														
Brass beds are beds in which the headboard and footboard are made of brass; the frame rails are usually made of steel.																																														
The band is:  Jürgen Söder (Guitar) Thomas Geltinger (Drums) Michael Heilrath (Bass) Stefanie Böhm (Keyboards); also plays in Ms. John Soda.																																														
Throw blanket (also throw): A small covering usually used for warmth and decoration; it is usually placed at the end of the bed.																																														
Accubitum  (plural: accubita) was one name for the ancient Roman furniture couches used in the time of the Roman emperors, in the triclinium or dining room, for reclining upon at meals.																																														
EBM reviewer Bandolier said that P6 in two studies showed 52% of patients with control having a success, compared with 75% with P6.																																														
The South Point Local School District is a local school district serving the village of South Point and nearby areas at the southern point of Lawrence County, the most southerly county in the U.S. state of Ohio.																																														
Baker was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 3rd round (39th pick overall) of the 1975 NBA Draft, and played for the Kentucky Colonels in the American Basketball Association for 5 games during the 1975–76 ABA season.																																														
In the 2010–2011 school year one elementary school, LaGrange, was shut down, its last day being June 23, 2010.																																														
When the area became part of the province of British Columbia there were already three school districts in the area: the Victoria City School District (established on June 25, 1869), the Esquimalt School District (October 22, 1870) and Craigflower School District (July 23, 1870).																																														
Grandview High School (Grades 9-12) Grandview Junior High School (Grades 6-8) Grandview Elementary School (Grades PK-5)   =																																														
Almaden Country School Archbishop Mitty High School Bellarmine College Preparatory Holy Spirit School Liberty Baptist School Mulberry School Notre Dame High School Presentation High School Saint Andrew's Episcopal School St Leo The Great School The Harker School Valley Christian Schools   =																																														
Must be in 10th grade when applying Must be a Broward County resident, but exceptions can be made under certain circumstances.																																														
Oregon Coast Technology School, also known as ORCO TECH, is a public charter school in North Bend, Oregon, United States.																																														
The District encompasses approximately ninety-five square miles and includes all or part of six municipalities including Pflugerville, Austin, Coupland, Hutto, Manor and Round Rock.																																														
The Colegio Nacional de Ushuaia was established in March 1994, as a response for the demand emerging from the growing population in Tierra del Fuego.																																														
Guggenheim Elementary School John J. Daly Elementary School John Philip Sousa Elementary School Manorhaven Elementary School South Salem Elementary School Carrie Palmer Weber Middle School Paul D. Schreiber Senior High School   =																																														
Normally the right atrium depolarizes slightly earlier than left atrium since the depolarization wave originates in the sinoatrial node, in the high right atrium and then travels to and through the left atrium.																																														
By convention, the term "normal sinus rhythm" is taken to imply that not only are the P waves (reflecting activity of the sinus node itself) normal in morphology but that all other ECG measurements are also normal.																																														
16-second variation in the shortest and longest durations between successive P waves The sinus node should pace the heart – therefore, P waves must be round, all the same shape, and present before every QRS complex in a ratio of 1:1.																																														
It can be detected only during an electrophysiology study when a small wire is placed against the SA node from within the heart and the electrical impulses can be recorded as they leave the p-cells in the centre of the node [ see pacemaker potential ], followed by observing a delay in the onset of the p wave on the ECG.																																														
Electrocardiographic features include: Atrial rate: 100 to 250 BPM Ventricular conduction can be variable Irregular or irregularly irregular in the setting of variable AV block Regular if 1 to 1, 2 to 1, or 4 to 1 AV block P wave morphology Unifocal, but similar in morphology to each other Might be inverted Differs from normal sinus P wave May exhibit either long RP or short PR intervals Rhythm may be paroxysmal or sustained May demonstrate an increase in the rate at initiation (e.g., "warm up," or "rev up") May demonstrate a decrease in the rate at termination (e.g., "cool down")   =																																														
The Broadbent inverted sign is a clinical sign in which pulsation is seen on the postero-lateral wall of the left side of the chest in time with cardiac systole.																																														
During an episode of AVRT caused by PJRT, the accessory pathway conducts electrical activity from the ventricles directly back to the atria at the end of systole, which triggers the atria to contract, and the current to pass back to the ventricles again via the atrioventricular node (AV node); see diagram.																																														
Those with LGL syndrome have episodes of abnormal heart racing with a short PR interval and normal QRS complexes seen on their electrocardiogram when in a normal sinus rhythm.																																														
Holiday heart syndrome was discovered in 1978 when Philip Ettinger discovered the connection between arrythmia and alcohol consumption.																																														
It has been considered as a possible transition stage between ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation, and is a critically unstable arrhythmia that can result in sudden cardiac death.																																														
At this time, two other researchers, George Ralph Mines and Garrey, working separately, produced work demonstrating the phenomenon of circus movement and re-entry as possible substrates for the generation of arrhythmias.																																														
The crater was named after several people: Edward Charles Pickering,  American astronomer (1846–1919); his brother William Henry Pickering, American astronomer (1858–1938); and Sir William Hayward Pickering (unrelated), New Zealand-American engineer (1910–2004).																																														
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to McNally.																																														
The assumption was that some unusual form of volcanism, or a gas explosion originating within the crust, was the cause.																																														
The impact has been dated to 2,229±5  billion years ago, making it the world's oldest confirmed impact structure.																																														
The water ice came from 1 meter below the surface crust (the devolatized layer around the nucleus).																																														
Northeast of this crater is the site designated Planitia Descensus, the landing site of the Soviet Luna 9 probe, the first vehicle to soft-land on the Moon.																																														
Baugur [ˈpœiːɣʏr̥] is the informal name of one of three volcanic craters which have appeared as of 7 September 2014 - according to the Icelandic Meteorological Office website - in the Holuhraun lava field in Iceland as a result of an eruption in August 2014.																																														
As it does this, the moons gravitationally tug at each other, increasing the semi-major axis of the moon that has caught up and decreasing that of the other.																																														
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Boole.																																														
Visible on the floor of Raditladi inside the peak ring are concentric narrow troughs, formed by extension (pulling apart) of the surface.																																														
Impact craters generally have a rim with ejecta around them, in contrast volcanic craters usually do not have a rim or ejecta deposits.																																														
From July 2007 she presented a Saturday morning show, from 10:00–14:00, with a Sunday afternoon show from 13:00–16:00 for a time.																																														
NB: This list excludes Summer Olympic events which featured only once on the Olympic athletics programme during the first six editions   =																																														
Masaharu Kono (Japanese: 河野雅治 b. 1948) is the current Government Representative of Japan and the past Ambassador of Japan to Italy, presenting his credentials to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 29 May 2009 when he still was Ambassador of Japan to Russia.																																														
Swinging Both Ways (Unreleased Live 2001) "Merrygoround" (Unreleased Live 1999) "Black Eyes" (Unreleased Live 2001) "Eits Chayim" (Unreleased Demo 2000) "Oneiro Demeno" (Unreleased Demo 2001) "Dance Me To The End Of Love" (Unreleased Demo 2002) "Hungarian Dance #5" (Unreleased Demo 2002) "I Want You To Be My Baby" (Unreleased Live 2003) "Besame Mucho" (Unreleased Demo 2003) "Those Were The Days" (Unreleased Live 2000)   =																																														
She became Miss Malaysia Universe 2006 and competed in Miss Universe 2006 and ended up did not make it to the semifinalists round, this is the 36th consecutive year Malaysia did not placed in Miss Universe pageant.																																														
Duke Snider (1969–1971) Bob Chandler (1970–2003) Dave Campbell (1978–1988) Rick Monday (1989–1992) Mark Grant (1996–present) Rick Sutcliffe (1997–2004) Tim Flannery (2005–2006) Tony Gwynn (2005–2014) Bob Scanlan (2012–present) Mark Sweeney (2012–present) Tony Gwynn Jr. (2017–present)   =																																														
They also published the book Encylopedie československého rocku (Encyclopedia of Czechoslovak rock) by authors Miroslav Balák and Josef Kytnar.																																														
Milcíades Arrúa – (MKD) – Bregalnica Delčevo 2003–2004 Diego Barrios – (CRO, SVN) – Osijek (2008)–2009, Domžale 2008–(2009) Emmanuel Fernández – (CRO) – Inter Zaprešić 2009–2010 Carlos León – (BIH) – Čelik Zenica 2019–2020 Diego Santa Cruz – (CRO) – Zadar 2004–2005 Pedro Velázquez – (MNE) – OFK Petrovac (2015)–2016   =																																														
Marv Albert – NBC 1990–1997, 1999–2002 TNT 2002–2021 John Amaechi – BBC 2008–present Charles Barkley – TNT 2000–present Bob Blackburn – KOMO 1967–1978, KIRO 1978–1987, KJR 1987–1992 Mike Breen – NBC (Olympics) 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008, NBC 1997–2002, MSG 1992–present, ESPN/ABC 2003–present Hubie Brown – CBS 1987–1990, Turner Sports 1990s–2002, ESPN/ABC 2006–present Doris Burke – ESPN/ABC 1991–present Kevin Calabro – Seattle SuperSonics 1987–2008, Turner Sports Steve Carfino – Network Ten 1992–1995, 2010–2014, Fox Sports 1996–2010 John Casey – Fox Sports 1995–2010, ABC (Australia) 2010–2015 Doug Collins – Turner Sports 1989–1995, NBC 1998–2001, TNT 2003–2010 Eddie Doucette Jim Durham – ESPN Radio 1996–present Ian Eagle – CBS 1998–present, Fox Sports Net New York/YES Network 1995–present Mike Fratello – NBC 1990–1993, TNT 1999–2004, 2007–present Walt Frazier – MSG Network 1989–present Andrew Gaze – Melbourne United 2010–present Mike Gorman – Boston Celtics 1981–present Tim Gossage – Network Ten 1992–1997, 2014 Kevin Harlan – Turner Sports 1996–present Chuck Harmon – WWSEN 2006–present Shane Heal – Sydney Kings 2010–2014 Chick Hearn – Los Angeles Lakers 1961–2002 Tom Heinsohn – CBS 1983–1990, Boston Celtics 1981–2020 Hot Rod Hundley – CBS 1975–1980, New Orleans/Utah Jazz 1974–2009 Mark Jackson – ESPN/ABC 2005–2011 Gus Johnson – CBS 1996–2011, Big Ten Network, 2008–present, Fox 2013–present Steve "Snapper" Jones – NBC 1990–2002 Clark Kellogg – CBS 1993–present Steve Kerr – TNT 2003–2007, TNT 2010–2014 Namugenyi Kiwanuka Ralph Lawler – Los Angeles Clippers 1978–present Rebecca Lobo – ESPN 2004–present Verne Lundquist – CBS 1984–1995, 1998–2016 Brett Maher – Adelaide 36ers 2010–present Al McCoy – Phoenix Suns 1972–present Sean McDonough – CBS 1990–2000, ESPN 2000–present Al Michaels – ABC (US) 2003–2006 Reggie Miller – TNT 2005–present Johnny Most – Boston Celtics 1953–1990 Brent Musburger – CBS 1975–1989, ESPN/ABC 1990–2017 Jim Nantz – CBS 1985–present Bob Neal Brad Nessler – ESPN 1992–2015, ABC (US) 1997–2015, CBS 2016–present Billy Packer – NBC 1974–1981, CBS 1981–2008 Stephen Quartermain – Network Ten 1992–1997 Bill Raftery – CBS 1986–present Ahmad Rashad – NBC 1990–2002 Tony Ronaldson – Perth Wildcats 2010–2015 Ryan Ruocco – ESPN 2013–present Bill Russell – ABC 1971–1973, CBS 1979–1983 Bill Schonely – Portland Trail Blazers 1970–1998 Kenny Smith – TNT 1998–present Dick Stockton – CBS 1981–1990, TNT 1995–present Chuck Swirsky Joe Tait – Cleveland Cavaliers 1970–1980, 1982–2011 Mike Tirico – ABC (US) 2002–2016 Jeff Van Gundy – TNT 2002–2003, ESPN/ABC 2007–present Dick Vitale – ESPN 1979–present Bill Walton – NBC 1990–2002, ESPN/ABC 2002–2009 Bill Woods – Network Ten 1992–1997, 2014–2015   =																																														
The club was founded in 1967 and has achieved some success, most recently appearing in the top German volleyball league in the 2005–06 season, having achieved the feat of a perfect series in the 2004–05 season on the way to promotion.																																														
Most recently Sharon placed 3rd Runner-up at the Miss Hawaiian Tropic 2008 pageant and 2nd Runner-up at the Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2009 pageant where she represented Santurce.																																														
Although some mantises are kept as pets, this genus of mantis is generally not, due to the difficulties presented by its small size.																																														
Asiadodis is a genus of praying mantises native to Asia and possessing common names such as shield mantis, hood mantis (or hooded mantis), and leaf mantis (or leafy mantis) because of their extended, leaf-like thoraxes.																																														
Dead leaf mantis Flower mantis Grass mantis Leaf mantis Shield mantis Stick mantis List of mantis genera and species   =																																														
Choeradodis strumaria, common names leaf mantis and hooded mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to French Guiana, and neighboring countries, such as Suriname.																																														
It was first described in "On some African Mantidae and Phasmidae in the Collection of the Deutschen Entomologischen Museum" in Archiv für Naturgeschichte, Berlin in 1912.																																														
The Pseudophyllinae may be subdivided into the following tribes (the first 17 of which are sometimes grouped into the super-tribes: Pleminiiti and Pseudophylliti) and genera.																																														
The following species are recognised in the genus Oxyothespis: Oxyothespis acuticeps Oxyothespis alata Oxyothespis apostata Oxyothespis bifurcata Oxyothespis brevicollis Oxyothespis brevipennis Oxyothespis dumonti (North African grass mantis) Oxyothespis flavipennis Oxyothespis longicollis Oxyothespis longipennis Oxyothespis mammillata Oxyothespis maroccana Oxyothespis meridionalis Oxyothespis nilotica Oxyothespis noctivaga Oxyothespis parva Oxyothespis pellucida Oxyothespis persica Oxyothespis philbyi Oxyothespis senegalensis Oxyothespis sudanensis Oxyothespis tricolor Oxyothespis villiersi Oxyothespis wagneri   =																																														
Birthday Bluffs (78°33′S 164°22′E) are rock bluffs that rise to 1,296 metres (4,252 ft) between Anniversary Bluff and Windscoop Bluff on the south side of Mason Spur, Hillary Coast, Ross Dependency.																																														
The Mantodea Species File lists:  Acromantis australis Saussure, 1871 Acromantis dyaka Hebard, 1920 Acromantis elegans Lombardo, 1993 Acromantis formosana (Shiraki, 1911) Acromantis gestri Giglio-Tos, 1915 Acromantis grandis Beier, 1930 Acromantis hesione (Stål, 1877) Acromantis indica (Giglio-Tos, 1915) Acromantis insularis (Giglio-Tos, 1915) Acromantis japonica (Westwood, 1889) Acromantis lilii Werner, 1922 Acromantis luzonica Hebard, 1920 Acromantis montana Giglio-Tos, 1915 Acromantis moultoni Giglio-Tos, 1915 Acromantis nicobarica Mukherjee, 1995 Acromantis oligoneura (de Haan, 1942) - type species Acromantis palauana Beier, 1972 Acromantis philippina Beier, 1966 Acromantis satsumensis (Matsumura, 1913) Acromantis siporana Giglio-Tos, 1915   =																																														
At a field site in Davis, CA, S. limbata hatched earlier in the season than Iris oratoria, and Iris oratoria tended to persist longer into the year.																																														
Shield mantis, hood mantis (or hooded mantis) and leaf mantis (or leafy mantis) are common names for certain praying mantises with an extended thorax aiding it in camouflage and leaf mimicry.																																														
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, temperate grassland and rocky areas where it lives colonially in burrows.																																														
Pocket mice feed on seeds which they carry in fur lined pouches on the outside of their cheeks, taking them back to their burrow for storage; this arrangement is advantageous to the mouse as it prevents the seeds from getting wet as would happen if they were carried in the mouth.																																														
The finding of a possible family group of Steneofiber skeletons in France has been used to infer that the genus employed a K-selected reproductive strategy like modern beavers, in which extensive parental care is given to a small number of offspring.																																														
The exact population is unknown as only three specimens have been collected and threats may be deforestation and overgrazing although the exact effects are unknown.																																														
Like in rats, following copulation the male seals the female's epigyne with a mating plug, preventing the female from further mating.																																														
The American red squirrel should not be confused with the Eurasian red squirrel (Sciurus vulgaris) — both are usually just referred to as the "red squirrel" in their home continents.																																														
Antennaria microphylla (littleleaf pussytoes, rosy pussytoes, pink pussytoes, small pussytoes, dwarf everlasting) is a stoloniferous perennial forb in the family Asteraceae.																																														
They sometimes share burrows with Campbell's dwarf hamster, but only in the steppes and semi deserts of northern Manchuria.																																														
Like other kangaroo rats it has a large head and large eyes, and long, strong hind leg with which helps it hop at high speeds.																																														
Collectively the members of the genus are referred to as forest dormice, although the type species also goes by the common name forest dormouse.																																														
They are characterized by a row of rugae, numerous testes, and two caeca, whilst other aspidogastrid species generally have one caecum and one or two testes.																																														
When you obtain a satisfying answer in the dream, use one of the methods suggested earlier in this chapter to awaken yourself.																																														
The original device was called a DreamLight, which was discontinued in favor of the NovaDreamer, designed by experienced lucid dreamer Craig Webb for the Lucidity Institute while he worked there and participated in lucid dreaming research at Stanford.																																														
The researchers also found that during a lucid dream, "levels of self-determination" were similar to those that people experienced during states of wakefulness.																																														
Even if you don’t think the lucid dream has answered your question, once it begins to fade awaken yourself and write down the dream.																																														
When writing down dreams, the dreamer often searches for dream signs, or recurring themes that have been detected between dreams.																																														
In 1975, Dr Keith Hearne had the idea to exploit the nature of Rapid Eye Movements (REM) to allow a dreamer to send a message directly from dreams to the waking world.																																														
Crick's and Mitchison's 1983 "reverse learning" theory, which states that dreams are like the cleaning-up operations of computers when they are offline, removing (suppressing) parasitic nodes and other "junk" from the mind during sleep.																																														
This mental action causes the conscious and subconscious minds to work together toward the common goal of remembering the dream.																																														
If there is something you want to try in the dream, also visualize doing those intentions once you become lucid.																																														
Results from LaBerge's lab and others include:  comparison of subjective sense of time in dreams versus the waking state using eye signals comparison of electrical activity in the brain when singing while awake, and while in a dream various studies comparing physiological sexual arousal and in-dream sex and orgasm   =																																														
Tiantai Stadium was built in 1932 as Qingdao Municipal Stadium (Chinese: 青岛市体育场), modelling on Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, which hosted the 1932 Summer Olympics.																																														
The Markaziy Harbiy Sportklubi Army Stadium, commonly known as the MHSK Stadium was a multi-use stadium in the Chilanzar area of Tashkent, Uzbekistan.																																														
The song may also pay tribute to either the Marvin Gaye song, "Can I Get a Witness", the Soul Brothers Six song, "Some Kind of Wonderful", the Grand Funk Railroad song, "Some Kind of Wonderful", or the Commodores song, "(Can I) Get A Witness"?																																														
To celebrate the 230-day anniversary of Stavropol, on 29 September 2007 a concert was held with singers like Alla Pugacheva, Philip Kirkorov, Julia Savicheva and Valdis Pelsh.																																														
Zhongshan Soccer Stadium, Chungshan Soccer Stadium, or Taipei Soccer Stadium (Chinese: 中山足球場; pinyin: Zhōngshān Zúqíuchǎng) was a multi-purpose stadium in Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.																																														
List of Asian stadiums by capacity List of association football stadiums by capacity List of sports venues in South Korea List of baseball stadiums in South Korea   =																																														
The municipality is planning expansion works on the stadium to increase its capacity to 7,500 people and a general improvement on the conditions of the stadium.																																														
The stadium was the home of the Nexen Heroes of the Korea Baseball Organization between 2008 and 2015.																																														
Varieties of chili peppers used to make chili powder include Aleppo, ancho, cayenne, chipotle, chile de árbol, jalapeño, New Mexico, pasilla, and piri piri chili peppers.																																														
Since then, most stadiums in the league are even more modern grounds, built in accordance with 2018 FIFA World Cup standards.																																														
They are:  European pond terrapin, Emys orbicularis Slowworm, Anguis fragilis Sand lizard, Lacerta agilis Common lizard, Zootoca vivipara European green lizard, Lacerta viridis Grass snake, Natrix natrix Aesculapian snake, Elaphe longissima Smooth snake,  Coronella austriaca Adder, Vipera berus   =																																														
After the United States entered World War II, Haast served as a flight engineer on Pan Am airliners flying under contract to the United States Army Air Corps.																																														
The European cat snake is venomous, but because it is rear-fanged (fangs are located at the back of the upper jaw), it rarely injects its venom in defensive biting, and is therefore considered no threat to humans.																																														
Another distinguishing feature is that this species is a "true spitter"; it readily spits venom, but rather than a stream of venom as seen with many other "spitting cobras", this species ejects a "mist" rather than a "stream".																																														
Cytolysins form pores in the cytoplasmic membrane that allows for the passage of  ions and other molecules into the cell.																																														
Decamethonium does not produce unconsciousness or anesthesia, and its effects may cause considerable psychological distress while simultaneously making it impossible for a patient to communicate.																																														
This species is found in the Indian Ocean and Bay of Bengal: Bangladesh, India, Malaysia, Myanmar (Burma), Sri Lanka and  Thailand.																																														
naja) and due to the dangerous toxicity of this species' venom, massive amounts of antivenom are often required for patients.																																														
Such encounters can be avoided by shuffling through the sand or stamping on the bottom, as the rays detect this and swim away.																																														
However, some enzymes may be used for the metabolic needs of the cell, leading to reduced yield of the cell.																																														
Species of this genus are known commonly as brown snakes and are considered to be some of the most dangerous snakes in the world; even young snakes are capable of delivering a fatal envenomation to a human.																																														
Coupatezia is a prehistoric genus of ray in the family Dasyatidae whose fossils are found in strata dating from the Maastrichtian stage until the last species' extinction during the Middle Eocene.																																														
Gonorynchus is a genus of long thin gonorynchiform ray-finned fish, commonly called beaked salmon or beaked sandfish that live on sandy bottoms near shorelines.																																														
Other major prey items include the Cape hagfish (Myxine capensis), the crab species Pontophilus gracilis, and hermit crabs in the genus Parapagurus.																																														
It differs from other members of the family Polychelidae in having only four pairs of claws, instead of five, in both sexes.																																														
Cetaceans and seacows are aquatic mammals, not fish, and shellfish are mollusks, not fish, so they are therefore excluded.																																														
(dwarf gulper shark) Centrophorus granulosus Bloch & Schneider, 1801 (gulper shark) Centrophorus harrissoni McCulloch, 1915 (dumb gulper shark) Centrophorus isodon Y. T. Chu, Q. W. Meng & J. X. Liu, 1981 (blackfin gulper shark) Centrophorus lusitanicus Barbosa du Bocage & Brito Capello, 1864 (lowfin gulper shark) Centrophorus moluccensis Bleeker, 1860 (smallfin gulper shark) Centrophorus seychellorum Baranes, 2003 (Seychelles gulper shark) Centrophorus squamosus Bonnaterre, 1788 (leafscale gulper shark) Centrophorus tessellatus Garman, 1906 (mosaic gulper shark) Centrophorus uyato Rafinesque, 1810 (little gulper shark) Centrophorus westraliensis W. T. White, Ebert & Compagno, 2008 (western gulper shark) Centrophorus zeehaani W. T. White, Ebert & Compagno, 2008 (southern dogfish) Centrophorus sp.																																														
The pectoral fins are notably larger than the pelvic fins while the caudal fin may be rounded, truncate one emarginate.																																														
It is associated with coral and rocky reefsand has a depth range of 0–70 metres (0–230 ft) and is normally found on sandy or rocky sea beds, although it will also hide in caves and rock crevices.																																														
The spikefishes are quite variable in form, with some species having tubular snouts (greatly elongated in Halimochirurgus and Macrorhamphosodes), and others have spoon-like teeth for scraping the scales off other fishes.																																														
When spawning, the females deposit their eggs inside bivalves, where they hatch and the young remain until they can swim.																																														
Some authorities include Nemacheilus mugah as a synonym of S. zonata, which in turn has been regarded as a synonym of Schistura scaturigina, but these views are not currently widely accepted.																																														
The College of Justice comprises Scotland's two supreme courts: the Court of Session and the High Court of Justiciary.																																														
Following is a list of all Article III United States federal judges appointed by President Gerald Ford during his presidency.																																														
The federal judiciary of Switzerland consists of the Federal Supreme Court, in Lausanne, the Federal Criminal Court in Bellinzona, the Federal Patent Court, in St. Gallen and the Federal Administrative Court, in St. Gallen.																																														
The CDA Engineering and the Environmental Protection Agency supervised the engineering the Supreme Court's monument and civil works infrastructure throughout its lengthy construction since the 1960s.																																														
Under her leadership, the court also worked cooperatively to consolidated the federal bankruptcy court into the Domenici federal courthouse, reportedly saving taxpayers roughly $1 million per year.																																														
In 2014, he was awarded the Pierre de Coubertin Medal by the International Olympic Committee for his work with the International Council of Arbitration for Sports, which operates the Court of Arbitration for Sport.																																														
The law creating the Court of Chancery took effect July 4, 1836 and it was abolished on March 1, 1847, with its jurisdiction given to the circuit courts.																																														
Consisting of a Chief Judge and two Associate Judges, the Municipal Court of Appeals acted as an intermediate appellate court, its decisions reviewable on a discretionary basis by the D.C. Circuit.																																														
The Chancellor of New York, during the existence of the post, was the highest judicial officer in the state.																																														
Walter Bruchhausen (May 29, 1892 – October 11, 1976) was a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York from 1953 to 1976 and its Chief Judge from 1959 to 1962.																																														
William Henry Becker (August 26, 1909 – February 2, 1992) was a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri.																																														
The Flower Night Market is open three days a week - on Thursday, Saturday and Sunday, from 5PM until midnight.																																														
At this latitude the sun is visible for 15 hours, 54 minutes during the December solstice and 8 hours, 31 minutes during the June solstice.																																														
The same illusion causes the apparent convergence of parallel lines on a long straight road or hallway at a distant vanishing point.																																														
Aided by drought, a heat wave persisted in the late summer of 2000 along the southern tier of the United States from August to early September.																																														
At this latitude the sun is visible for 12 hours, 57 minutes during the summer solstice and 11 hours, 18 minutes during the winter solstice.																																														
The polar shortest day is not totally dark everywhere inside the polar circle, but only in places within about 5.																																														
An observer standing on Earth's equator visualizes the celestial equator as a semicircle passing through the zenith, the point directly overhead.																																														
On clear day there is a good panoramic view of a wide area, including peaks in the Jotunheimen and Rondane mountain ranges.																																														
At this latitude the sun is visible for 15 hours, 8 minutes during the December solstice and 9 hours, 13 minutes during the June solstice.																																														
As per Vedic Astrology, it is advisable to perform necessary prayers, on a particular time phase of the day to get maximum benefits of health, wealth and prosperity.																																														
The Wadi Laba River is a seasonal spate river in Eritrea that typically produces turbulent flow events of only a few hours duration, and only five to ten times during the short summer season.																																														
List of Dutch films before 1910 List of Dutch films of the 1910s List of Dutch films of the 1920s List of Dutch films of the 1930s List of Dutch films of the 1940s List of Dutch films of the 1950s List of Dutch films of the 1960s List of Dutch films of the 1970s List of Dutch films of the 1980s List of Dutch films of the 1990s List of Dutch films of the 2000s List of Dutch films of the 2010s List of Dutch films of the 2020s   =																																														
2000–2002:   Basket Bravos de Portuguesa 2002–2004:   Basket Marinos de Oriente 2004-2005: Haifa-Ramat Hasharon 2005:   Basket Marinos de Anzoategui 2005-2006: Haifa-Ramat Hasharon 2006:   Basket Marinos de Anzoategui 2006:   Basket Murcia 2007:   Basket AE Larissa 2007:   Basket Scafati 2008:   Basket Siena 2008–2009:   Basket Udine 2009:   Basket Marinos de Anzoategui 2009–2010: Basket Espartanos de Margarita 2011:   Basket Indios de Mayaguez 2012–2013:   Basket Trotamundos de Carabobo 2014–2016:   Basket Bucaneros de La Guaira 2017:   Basket Marinos de Anzoategui 2020:   Basket Centauros de Portuguesa   =																																														
In the epic, Odysseus is instructed by Tiresias to take an oar from his ship and to walk inland until he finds a "land that knows nothing of the sea", where the oar would be mistaken for a winnowing fan.																																														
2012 Stephaniellaceae Schuster 2002 Trichotemnomataceae Schuster 1972 Lophocoleineae Schljakov 1972 Blepharostomataceae Frey & Stech 2008 Brevianthaceae Engel & Schuster 1981 Chonecoleaceae Schuster ex Grolle 1972 Grolleaceae Solari ex Schuster 1984 Herbertaceae Müller ex Fulford & Hatcher 1958 Lepicoleaceae Schuster 1963 [Vetaformataceae Fulford & Taylor 1963] Lepidoziaceae Limpricht 1877 [Neogrollaceae] Lophocoleaceae Vanden Berghen 1956 Mastigophoraceae Schuster 1972 Plagiochilaceae Müller & Herzog 1956 Pseudolepicoleaceae Fulford & Taylor 1960 [Herzogiariaceae; Chaetocoleaceae] Trichocoleaceae Nakai 1943 Myliineae Engel & Braggins ex Crandall-Stotler et al.																																														
In its simplest form, it involves throwing the mixture into the air so that the wind blows away the lighter chaff, while the heavier grains fall back down for recovery.																																														
After that 6-year run in the Greek top-tier level (A1), the club again struggled in the lower Greek divisions, until it was promoted up to the Greek 2nd Division, for the 2006–07 season.																																														
Sculpted in oak, spruce and ash, it is an imaginary tool with a winnowing fan at one end and an oar blade at the other.																																														
2006 Makinoaceae Nakai 1943 Pallaviciniales Frey & Stech 2005 Pallaviciniineae Schuster 1984 Hymenophytaceae Schuster 1963 Moerckiaceae Stotler & Crandall-Stotler 2007 Pallaviciniaceae Migula 1904 [Dilaenaceae Müller 1940; Symphyogynaceae Reimers 1952] Sandeothallaceae Schuster 1984 Phyllothalliineae Schuster 1967 Phyllothalliaceae Hodgson 1964 Pelliales He-Nygrén et al.																																														
It includes a title, the research hypothesis and null hypothesis, the independent variable, the levels of the independent variable, the number of trials, the dependent variable, the operational definition of the dependent variable and the constants.																																														
The conditional probability based on the intersection of events defined as:  satisfies the probability measure requirements so long as                         μ         (         A         )                 {\displaystyle \mu (A)}    is not zero.																																														
By contrast, if two cards are drawn without replacement from a deck of cards, the event of drawing a red card on the first trial and that of drawing a red card on the second trial are  not independent, because a deck that has had a red card removed has proportionately fewer red cards.																																														
A free parameter is a variable in a mathematical model which cannot be predicted precisely or constrained by the model and must be estimated experimentally or theoretically.																																														
Only if for all causal relations the CT is positive and for all sets of causes to their effects the CST is positive the WBG is correct: each cause must be necessary (CT), and the totality of causes must be sufficient (CST): nothing is omitted (CST: the listed causes are sufficient), and nothing is superfluous (CT: each cause is necessary).																																														
(\operatorname {St} ,\operatorname {Act} ,\tau :\operatorname {St} \times \operatorname {Act} \times \operatorname {St} \rightarrow [0,1])}   where                         τ         (         s         ,         a         ,         t         )                 {\displaystyle \tau (s,a,t)}    gives the probability of starting in the state s, performing the action a and ending up in the state t.  The set of states is assumed to be countable.																																														
Analyzing Attribute Dependencies, in N Lavra\quad{c}, D Gamberger, L Todorovski & H Blockeel, eds, Proceedings of the 7th European Conference on Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases, Springer, Cavtat-Dubrovnik, Croatia, pp.																																														
Then, this equation is understood as the fraction of the set                         A         ∩         B                 {\displaystyle A\cap B}    to the set B. Note that the above equation is a definition, not just a theoretical result.																																														
This is equivalent to the requirement that the non-diagonal elements of the autocovariance matrix                                    K                                       X                                         X                                                  {\displaystyle \operatorname {K} _{\mathbf {X} \mathbf {X} }}    of the random vector                                    X                  =																																														
If there is a unique probability measure that must be used to price assets in a market, then the market is called a complete market.																																														
The following examples of the third person singular could all be seen as regular conjugations: hae kaltj (he talks, from kalle)  hae sprèk (he speaks, from spraeke) hae wèt (he knows, from weite) hae löp (he walks, from loupe) hae veltj (he falls, from valle) hae mót (he has to/should have to, from mótte) and hae kaok (he cooks, from kaoke) Apart from this, many verbs are strong (vaje - veej - gevaje, to fold, bakke - beek - gebakke, to bake, weite - wus - geweite/gewus, to know and loupe - leep - geloupe, to walk) or totally irregular like höbbe (to have, hae haet) zeen (to be, hae is) zeen (to see, hae zuutj) gaon (to go, hae geitj) and so on.																																														
(As in German, the last written digit is actually pronounced first):  28 ach-èn-twintjig (literally "eight and twenty") 83 drie-èn-achtig 99 nege-n-èn-neugetig (-n is added for the sound)100 is hóngerdj, 200 twieëhóngerdj, 300 driehóngerdj and so on.																																														
the speech act may be reported using the following words:  Batman said that he needed a special key for the Batmobile.																																														
That is, the aorist refers to a simple action, the present to an ongoing action, and the perfect to a state resulting from a previous action.																																														
Examples:  abrir → abierto, cubrir → cubierto morir → muerto, volver → vuelto, solver → suelto romper → roto, escribir → escrito ver → visto, poner → puesto decir → dicho, hacer → hecho, satisfacer → satisfechoMost of these verbs have derivatives with the same irregularity.																																														
And similarly, the participle agrees with the subject when it is used with ser to form the "true" (dynamic) passive voice (e.g. La carta fue escrita ayer 'The letter was written [got written] yesterday.																																														
Formal conjugations of the plural imperative end in -d, but in colloquial use the most common conjugation ends in -r instead: pensar, contar, etc.																																														
It is not correct Finnish to use these tenses in the plural: the plural form of the present participle, puhuvat, would be confusing if used in this sense, as it resembles too closely the third person plural present indicative.																																														
Hwaþar is only extant in the nominative masculine singular and neuter singular nominative/ accusative; the other forms are reconstructed.																																														
183   For lexical futurity, the word 要 yào, which can serve as a verb meaning "to want", can also serve as an adverb meaning "immediately":: p. 175  For example, 我要洗澡 wǒ yào xǐzǎo can mean either "I want to bathe" or "I am about to bathe".																																														
Some catenative verbs are followed by either a to-infinitive or a gerund, either with or without a difference in meaning between the two structures: No difference in meaning: It began to rain.																																														
Anthony A. Apodaca, Larry Gritz: Advanced RenderMan: Creating CGI for Motion Pictures, Morgan Kaufmann Publishers, ISBN 1-55860-618-1   =																																														
At the same time, two major prospects occurred for Marvel: Jon Favreau was brought in as an executive producer for the film, and the company signed a long-term lease with Raleigh Studios to produce three other big-budget films—Iron Man 2, Thor, and Captain America: The First Avenger (2011)—at their Manhattan Beach, California complex.																																														
These animations can be combined with available animatics, sound effects, and dialog to create a presentation of how a film could be shot and cut together.																																														
Worry My Dome - 2:44 "My Monkey Made a Man Out of Me" - 2:37 "You Belong to Me Now" - 3:10 "Ruby's Got a Big Idea" - 3:15 "Tough Hang" - 3:41 "Baby, It's a Long Way Down" - 3:53 "It's a Line" - 3:43 "I Let Her Get Away" - 3:03 "My Heart Isn't in It" - 2:37 "Make No Mistake" - 4:56 "Call Off the Dogs" - 3:21   =																																														
His work has been acclaimed by comic book writer Keith Giffen, who compared his art on Hero Squared to the work of Kevin Maguire and Adam Hughes.																																														
Vessels with no lip, especially if they have a more rounded profile, are likely to be considered as bowls or dishes, as are very large vessels with a plate shape.																																														
List of Paramount Pictures films (1912–1919) List of Paramount Pictures films (1920–1929) List of Paramount Pictures films (1930–1939) List of Paramount Pictures films (1940–1949) List of Paramount Pictures films (1950–1959) List of Paramount Pictures films (1960–1969) List of Paramount Pictures films (1970–1979) List of Paramount Pictures films (1980–1989) List of Paramount Pictures films (1990–1999) List of Paramount Pictures films (2000–2009) List of Paramount Pictures films (2010–2019) List of Paramount Pictures films (2020–2029)   =																																														
Tony Stark and Bruce Banner travel to a Stark facility and Stark places Banner under extreme environments (simulating conditions on Venus and Mars), causing him to become the Hulk and revealing that the Hulk is inhumanly capable of adjusting to new environments and situations.																																														
I'm In Love With Your Mom is an EP by Angry Samoans containing all six tracks from their first recording session in September 1978.																																														
The rule is as such: a filled plate is always replaced with an empty one, and no place goes without a plate until just before the dessert course.																																														
He also played with Buck Clayton, Grover Mitchell, Annie Ross, Richard Wyands, Kenny Davern, and Claude Williams.																																														
Elathalam is never a lead instrument but is used in a number of ethnic Kerala percussion ensembles like Panchavadyam, Chenda melam, Thayambaka and Kailaya vathiyam besides by second singer on a Kathakali stage beside providing the beat in Kuzhal Pattu and Kombu Pattu.																																														
Most toms range in size between 6 and 20 inches (15 and 51 cm) in diameter, though floor toms can go as large as 24 inches (61 cm).																																														
The number of lines in a specific tab will vary depending on the number of different drums used during a specific section of music.																																														
There are three general sizes: primo or requinto (for solos and lead), segundo or seguidor, and tercero or  bajo (for rhythm and bass), although sizes can vary.																																														
They are called shakers because the method of creating the sound involves shaking them – moving them back and forth in the air rather than striking them.																																														
Each family includes drums of different sizes, with the mother drum (iya ilu) playing the lead role and other drums playing in support.																																														
As a teacher Gladstone taught, formally or informally, a number of noted jazz drummers, including Joe Morello, Shelly Manne, and Buddy Rich.																																														
Beauford explains his unusual playing style in his instructional video "Under The Table & Drumming", attributing his use of left-hand-lead on a right-handed kit to playing his own kit in front of a mirror as a child in an attempt to emulate his favorite drummers, like Buddy Rich.																																														
Rhythms of Hope – 7:57 "Jig" – 8:07 "No Absolute Time" – 10:38 "Pastoral Harmony" – 8:25 "Caracas" – 8:36 "Memories of California" –  5:41 "Mouna Bowa" (Ponty, Guy N'Sangue) – 8:59 "Enigmatic Ocean, Pt.																																														
These commonly consist of strategically shaped rods that one can put in place of the floor tom legs to stand it up horizontally.																																														
The curve may be explicitly specified using the parametric representation, by arranging n + 1 of the points to lie on the coordinate axes, and then mapping the other two points to [S : T] =																																														
Ballard Community Center, 6020 28th Avenue NW, (206) 684-4093 Green lake Community Center, 7201 E Green Lake Drive N, (206)684-0780 Laurelhurst Community Center, 4554 NE 41st Street, (206) 684-7529 Loyal Heights Community Center, 2101 NW 77th Street, (206) 684-4052   =																																														
The rapid growth of the Chinese economy since the 1980s has created a huge surge in demand for urban transport.																																														
This is a list of Wikipedia articles about curves used in different fields: mathematics (including geometry, statistics, and applied mathematics), physics, engineering, economics, medicine, biology, psychology, ecology, etc.																																														
In geometry, an altitude of a triangle is a line segment through a vertex and perpendicular to (i.e., forming a right angle with) a line containing the base (the side opposite the vertex).																																														
According to Pappus' theorem, the resulting system of nine points and eight lines always has a ninth line containing the three intersection points X, Y, and Z, called the Pappus line.																																														
The center of the solution circle is equally distant from all three points, and therefore must lie on the perpendicular bisector line of any two.																																														
Each cleaver through the midpoint of one of the sides of a triangle is parallel to the angle bisectors at the opposite vertex of the triangle.																																														
The isogonal conjugate of the orthocentre H is the circumcentre O. The isogonal conjugate of the centroid G is (by definition) the symmedian point K. The isogonal conjugates of the Fermat points are the isodynamic points and vice versa.																																														
In mathematics, the Mohr–Mascheroni theorem states that any geometric construction that can be performed by a compass and straightedge can be performed by a compass alone.																																														
In geometry, a real point is a point in the complex projective plane with homogeneous coordinates (x,y,z) for which there exists a nonzero complex number λ such that λx, λy, and λz are all real numbers.																																														
Seven species are tentatively accepted today: L. superlata (the type species), L. persephone and L. protogonia from the Burgess Shale, L. illecebrosa and L. obesa from the Chengjiang biota, ''L.																																														
Two of the most commonly studied model organisms nowadays are invertebrates: the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster and the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans.																																														
Ostorhinchus hoevenii is a species of ray-finned fish from the family Apogonidae, the cardinalfishes, it is from the Indo-West Pacific north to Japan and south to Australia.																																														
Embryo – Multicellular diploid eukaryote in its earliest stage of development Eumetazoa – Basal animal clade as a sister group of the Porifera   =																																														
Their affinity is unknown; they have been placed in many phyla, and have been considered worms, corals, molluscs and more.																																														
In addition, several species of barnacles are specifically called by the common name "acorn barnacle", including: Balanus glandula, Common Acorn Barnacle Balanus nubilus, Giant Acorn Barnacle Chthamalus antennatus, Acorn Barnacle Megabalanus coccopoma, Titan Acorn Barnacle Megabalanus tintinnabulum, Titan Acorn Barnacle Paraconcavus pacificus, Red-striped Acorn Barnacle Semibalanus balanoides, Northern Acorn Barnacle   =																																														
This soft-textured sponge is very bright yellow outside and in with the surface covered in small papillae, some with pores, some without.																																														
The Ordovician Oldhamia pinnata and Carboniferous-Permian Oldhamia fimbriata were mentioned without any ichnotaxonomical formalization, and therefore are nomina nuda.																																														
Kockurus is a problematic genus of Cambrian arthropod, known from the Czech Republic, which bears some resemblance to the eurypterids, aglaspidids and chelicerates.																																														
Cyclophoridae  Cyclophorus bensoni (Pfeiffer, 1854) Cyclophorus cambodgensis Morlet, 1884 Cyclophorus cantori (Benson, 1851) Cyclophorus fulguratus Pfeiffer, 1852 Cyclophorus paviei Morlet, 1884 Cyclophorus pfeifferi Reeve, 1861 Cyclophorus saturnus Pfeiffer, 1862 Cyclophorus speciosus (Philippi, 1847) Cyclophorus volvulus (O.F. Müller, 1774)Camaenidae  AmphidromusDyakiidae  Quantula striata (Gray, 1834) Bertia cambjiensis Bertia pergrandisDiapheridae  Diaphera saurini Benthem Jutting, 1962   =																																														
Choanocytes (also known as "collar cells") are cells that line the interior of asconoid, syconoid and leuconoid body types of sponges that contain a central flagellum, or cilium, surrounded by a collar of microvilli which are connected by a thin membrane.																																														
No new banknotes could be issued during this time as there was an imbalance between existing coins and notes in regards to silver.																																														
As a result, the nominal exchange rate, directly and indirectly, affects a wide range of prices in the Singapore economy, such as import and export prices, wages and rentals, consumer prices and output prices.																																														
Early in his career, Provopoulos was chairman and CEO at Emporiki Bank, Greece's fifth-largest lender, where he oversaw the bank's acquisition to Credit Agricole in 2006.																																														
Although sterling was the official currency, it was not well accepted by the merchants and residents, especially Chinese, in Hong Kong.																																														
Banknotes of New Taiwan dollar printed by the plant are NT$100 note, NT$200 note, NT$500 note, NT$1000 note and NT$2000 note.																																														
Nonetheless, all banknotes, regardless of when they were withdrawn from circulation, may be presented at the Bank of England where they will be exchanged for current banknotes.																																														
Perhaps because only the very wealthy could afford the pursuit, in Renaissance times coin collecting became known as the "Hobby of Kings".																																														
The Bank of Canada made an official statement about the phenomenon, for which it could provide no explanation, stating that the $2 banknotes "come like migratory birds and disappear like the lemmings".																																														
As a result, the Federal Reserve Act established the current U.S. Federal Reserve System and authorized the printing of Federal Reserve Notes (now commonly known as the U.S. Dollar).																																														
On January 10, 2014, at the annual Florida United Numismatist convention, in Orlando, Florida, Heritage Auctions sold a Series 1890 $1,000 Treasury Note (Fr#379b) for $3,290,000, setting a new world record price for paper currency.																																														
Designed in 1920, the banknote depicts Hagia Sophia without the Ottoman minarets and was part of the Megali Idea.																																														
The more commonly used ethyl ketone ("ethylketobemidone") is simply called ketobemidone, as it is the only drug of this family to have been marketed.																																														
The range of PVPS pain can be mild/annoying to the less-likely extreme debilitating pain experienced by a smaller number of individuals in this group.																																														
In 2015, the American College of Chest Physicians (ACCP) updated the 2006 guidelines to help define the differentiation in "suspected psychogenic, habit, or tic cough".																																														
A theory behind the condition is that nerves innervating scalp hair follicles send pain messages back to the brain when the follicle no longer has a hair in it, in a similar way to phantom limb pain.																																														
Time (history) How long the condition has been going on and how it has changed since onset (better, worse, different symptoms), whether it has ever happened before, whether and how it may have changed since onset, and when the pain stopped if it is no longer currently being felt.																																														
While the sensation often affects the part of the limb farthest from the body, such as the foot of an amputated leg, other body parts closer to the brain, such as the arm or hand, can still experience similar sensations.																																														
People with neuropathic pain may have difficulty working exhibiting higher levels of presenteeism, absenteeism and unemployment, exhibit higher levels of substance misuse (which may be related to attempted self-medication), and present difficulties with social interactions.																																														
The cause of the inflammation can be associated with environmental triggers or common allergens such as dust, chloramine, latex, or welding fumes.																																														
Some specialists believe that psychogenic chronic pain exists as a protective distraction to keep dangerous repressed emotions such as anger or rage unconscious.																																														
In the context of OIH, LTP has been shown to contribute to hyperalgesia by hypersensitizing areas of nociceptive processing, particularly at synapses between C fibers and the spinal cord dorsal horn.																																														
In 1982 KO PROPO introduced the Expert EX-1, reported to have been the first to integrate a pistol grip into a transmitter device with a gun trigger to act as the throttle, which later became a popular fixture in radio controlled transmitters.																																														
2007 Oct ;21(5):730-42 17905287 (P,S,E,B,D) PMID 17905287 Safety and Efficacy of High Dose Adenosine–induced A Systole During Endovascular AAA Repair.																																														
Notable introductions include:  2013: Steam Machines microconsoles by Valve, including a new Steam Controller unit that uses weighted electromagnets capable of delivering a wide range of haptic feedback via the unit's trackpads.																																														
It is  Motorola's first android-based device that has a new user interface called Motoblur which was introduced with the phone.																																														
The vibration velocity is simply the time derivative of the vibration displacement in a structure, and is not (directly) related to the speed of the wave propagation within a structure.																																														
The sensing electrodes can detect, without physical contact, persons and objects moving in proximity to the surface, to a distance of 150mm.																																														
A graphics device interface is a subsystem that most operating systems use for representing graphical objects and transmitting them to output devices such as monitors and printers.																																														
These devices are fabricated using silicon micro-machining technology (MEMS technology), which is particularly useful for the fabrication of transducer arrays.																																														
Many controls today are electronic, typically using an amplifier to convert signals from the sensor, then commanding a special servo motor incorporating a lead or ball screw for guiding actuation.																																														
It fulfills a similar function to the "Guide" button featured on Microsoft's Xbox 360 controller, or the "Home" button on the Wii Remote.																																														
The Turbo Touch 360 is a series of aftermarket third-party controllers made by Triax for the Nintendo Entertainment System, Super Nintendo Entertainment System, and Sega Genesis (the latter version also being compatible with Atari and Commodore systems).																																														
The plant is cultivated in tropical, subtropical, and warm temperate regions around the world and is a notable part of the cuisine of the Southern United States as well as Middle Eastern cuisine, Indian cuisine, Brazilian cuisine and Sri Lankan cuisine.																																														
Triumfetta breviaculeata Halford Triumfetta carteri Halford Triumfetta centralis Halford Triumfetta cladara Halford Triumfetta clementii (Domin) Rye Triumfetta chaetocarpa F.Muell.																																														
AgavaceaeAgave americana (Naturalised) Cordyline obtecta Furcraea foetida (Naturalised) Phormium tenaxAlliaceaeNothoscordum borbonicum (Naturalised)AraceaeColocasia esculenta (Naturalised) Xanthosoma sagittifolium (Naturalised) Zantedeschia aethiopica (Naturalised) ArecaceaeHowea forsteriana (Naturalised) Phoenix canariensis (Naturalised) Rhopalostylis baueriAsphodelaceaeAloe maculata (Naturalised)CannaceaeCanna indica (Naturalised)ColchicaceaeGloriosa superba (Naturalised)CommelinaceaeCommelina cyanea Tradescantia zebrina (Naturalised)CyperaceaeBolboschoenus fluviatilis Carex breviculmis Carex inversa Carex neesiana (Endemic) Cyperus albostriatus (Naturalised) Cyperus gracilis (Naturalised) Cyperus involucratus (Naturalised) Cyperus lucidus Cyperus rotundus (Naturalised) Eleocharis acuta Isolepis inundata Isolepis nodosa Isolepis cernua var.																																														
Virus species that contain the word 'mosaic' in their English language common name, as of March 2019, are listed below.																																														
The genus was separated from Hibiscus in 1835 by Carl Borivoj Presl, who named it after Vincenz Franz Kosteletzky (1801–1887).																																														
Triumfetta simulans Halford Triumfetta sonderi Ficalho & Hiern Triumfetta suffruticosa Blume Triumfetta tenuiseta Halford Triumfetta triandra Sprague & Hutch.																																														
All the symptoms of each virus or complex appear the same, so the only way to know exactly which viral subtype is infecting a plant is to send it to a local extension service.																																														
Modiola is a monotypic genus of plants in the mallow family containing the single species Modiola caroliniana, which is known by several common names including bristly-fruited mallow, Carolina bristlemallow, babosilla, and redflower mallow.																																														
#NAME?																																														
However, not all viruses that may cause a mottled appearance belong to species that include the word "mosaic" in the name.																																														
Phylogenetic evidence supports this genus being polyphyletic, with New World and Malagasy species of Kosteletzkya belonging to completely different clades within the Hibisceae.																																														
The following are species in this genus: Ostracion cornutus Linnaeus, 1758 Ostracion cubicus Linnaeus, 1758 (Yellow boxfish) Ostracion cyanurus Rüppell, 1828 (Bluetail trunkfish) Ostracion immaculatus Temminck & Schlegel, 1850 (Bluespotted boxfish) Ostracion meleagris G. Shaw, 1796 (White-spotted boxfish) Ostracion nasus Bloch, 1785 (Shortnose boxfish) Ostracion rhinorhynchos Bleeker, 1851 (Horn-nosed boxfish) Ostracion solorensis Bleeker, 1853 (Reticulate boxfish) Ostracion trachys J. E. Randall, 1975 (Roughskin trunkfish) Ostracion whitleyi Fowler, 1931 (Whitley's boxfish)   =																																														
Stensioella is tentatively placed within Placodermi as being among the most basal of all placoderms, as from what can be discerned from the only whole specimen found, the shoulder joints of its armor appear to be very similar to other placoderms.																																														
Its growing base is made of cell-free bone, which sometimes developed anchorage structures to fix it in the side of the fish.																																														
The pleon is flattened and strongly bent, in dorsal view completely hiding the tergites of the fourth pleonal segment , and partially or completely covers the plastron,   =																																														
The size and shape of these scales are among the many characteristics used to differentiate species from each another.																																														
The hairy stone crab (Lomis hirta) is a crab-like crustacean that lives in the littoral zone of southern Australia from Bunbury, Western Australia, to the Bass Strait.																																														
Birds' scales are found mainly on the toes and metatarsus, but may be found further up on the ankle in some birds.																																														
Subfamily Myzolecaniinae Akermes Alecanium Alecanopsis Cribolecanium Cryptostigma Cyclolecanium Halococcus Houardia Megasaissetia Myzolecanium Neolecanium Paractenochiton Pseudophilippia Richardiella Torarchus Toumeyella Xenolecanium Antecerococcus Ceroplastes Coccus Linnaeus, 1758 Eucalymnatus Cockerell, 1901 Eulecanium Kilifia De Lotto, 1965 Lecanium Luzulaspis Targioni Tozzetti, 1868 Metaceronema Milviscutulus Paralecanium Cockerell in Cockerell & Parrott 1899 Parasaissetia Takahashi 1955 Parthenolecanium Šulc 1908 Physokermes Targioni Tozzetti 1868 Protopulvinaria Cockerell 1894 Pulvinaria Targioni-tozzetti, 1867 Saissetia Deplanche, 1858   =																																														
Maja squinado, sometimes called the "European long leg crab or pie faced crab" because of the way its face is shaped.																																														
River herrings and threadfins have an abdominal row of scutes, which are scales with raised, sharp points that are used for protection.																																														
There are two different types of labial scales: Supralabials are the scales that form part of the upper lip.																																														
Brandon, M.P., Bogaard, A.R., Libby, C.P., Connerney, M.A., Gupta, K., Hasselmo, M.E. (2011) Reduction of theta rhythm dissociates grid cell spatial periodicity from directional tuning.																																														
In human memory research, concurrent overlap, or task appropriate processing, is a type of processing overlap between an activity engaged in before the prospective memory is to be remembered and a cue that directs attention towards the prospective memory.																																														
All of these disorders produce diffuse cerebral damage, usually involving many areas and systems in addition to the frontal lobes and pyramidal system, so the frontal release signs are not sufficient for a diagnosis.																																														
Pure auditory agnosia (agnosia without aphasia) is found in a patients who can't identify non-speech sounds such as coughing, whistling, and crying but have no deficit in speech comprehension.																																														
The fact that the observation of action can prime a similar response in the observer, and that the degree to which the observed action facilitates a similar response in the observer cast some light into the phenomenon called social facilitation, first described by Robert Zajonc, which accounts for the demonstration that the presence of other people can affect individual performance.																																														
Although suppression of these prepotent responses is ordinarily considered adaptive, problems for the development of the individual and the culture arise when feelings of right and wrong are overridden by cultural expectations or when creative impulses are overridden by executive inhibitions.																																														
There are no connections to the parietal cortex, occipital cortex nor inferotemporal cortexIts connections have been summarized as "it seems not to be interconnected with ‘downstream’ areas in the way that other prefrontal areas are.																																														
The Executive Brain: Frontal Lobes and the Civilized Mind, NY: Oxford University Press, 2001; paperback 2002.																																														
Within these regions are more specialized areas for face or fine grained analysis, place perception and human body perception.																																														
In both short-term memory and long-term memory Smith measured output interference in three age groups (aged 20–39, 40–59, 60–80 years).																																														
Dehaene is best known for his work on numerical cognition, a discipline which he popularized and synthesized with the publication of his 1997 book, The Number Sense (La Bosse des maths) which won the Prix Jean-Rostand for best French language general-audience scientific book.																																														
The arrangement of eggs in the first cell arrangement for Pyrobombus is generally two eggs at the center and three on each side, forming three rows.																																														
The flower secretes a fluid (see Coryanthes alborosea picture) into the flower lip, which is shaped like a bucket.																																														
Dasypoda albimana Pérez, 1905 Dasypoda albipila Spinola, 1838 Dasypoda altercator (Harris 1780) Dasypoda argentata Panzer 1809 Dasypoda aurata Rudow, 1881 Dasypoda braccata Eversmann 1852 Dasypoda brevicornis Pérez, 1895 Dasypoda chinensis Wu, 1978 Dasypoda cingulata Erichson 1835 Dasypoda cockerelli Yasumatsu, 1935 Dasypoda comberi Cockerell 1911 Dasypoda crassicornis Friese, 1896 Dasypoda dusmeti Quilis 1928 Dasypoda frieseana Schletterer, 1890 Dasypoda gusenleitneri Michez 2004 Dasypoda heliocharis Gistel 1857 Dasypoda hirtipes Fabricius, 1793 Dasypoda iberica Warncke, 1973 Dasypoda japonica Cockerell, 1911 Dasypoda leucoura Rudow, 1882 Dasypoda litigator Baker, 2002 Dasypoda longigena Schletterer, 1890 Dasypoda maura Pérez, 1895 Dasypoda michezi Radchenko, 2017 Dasypoda morawitzi Radchenko, 2016 Dasypoda morotei Quilis, 1928 Dasypoda oraniensis Pérez, 1895 Dasypoda patinyi Michez, 2002 Dasypoda pyriformis Radoszkowski, 1887 Dasypoda pyrotrichia Förster, 1855 Dasypoda rudis Gistel 1857 Dasypoda sichuanensis Wu, 2000 Dasypoda sinuata Pérez, 1895 Dasypoda spinigera Kohl 1905 Dasypoda syriensis Michez 2004 Dasypoda tibialis Morawitz, 1880 Dasypoda toroki Michez 2004 Dasypoda tubera Warncke 1973 Dasypoda visnaga (Rossi, 1790) Dasypoda vulpecula Lebedev, 1929 Dasypoda warnckei Michez 2004   =																																														
Brassia verrucosa, also known as warty brassia, is a species of plant in the family Orchidaceae native to Mexico, Central America (Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua), Venezuela, and Brazil.																																														
Beetles of species that specialise in eating pollen, nectar, or flowers themselves, are important cross-pollinators of some plants such as members of the Araceae and Zamiaceae, that produce prodigious amounts of pollen.																																														
Bee assassins can fly, and stalk flowering plants that are visited by bees, flies, and other pollinating insects.																																														
The males also have three "thorns" at their abdominal apex which they use as weapons when defending their territory.																																														
Eugenia capensis, the dune myrtle, is a species of plant in the family Myrtaceae, which is native to East and southern Africa.																																														
These mites are similar to Tydeus spp but can be distinguished by the lack of any claws on the first pair of legs.																																														
The largest producer of honey from Melipona bees in Mexico is in the state of Yucatán where bees are studied at an interactive park called "Bee Planet" which is within the Cuxtal Ecological Reserve.																																														
Adults feed on nectar from Lantana flowers, with the females also collecting pollen from Psiguria and Psychotia flowers.																																														
Statue of Janko Kráľ is located in the middle of Sad Janka Kráľa (literally Janko Kráľ Park/Garden) in the Petržalka borough in Bratislava, Slovakia.																																														
The term may also refer to a romantic relationship that a person has during the rebound period, or to the partner in such a relationship.																																														
In ideal circumstances, the term applies mutually to both parties and corresponds both ways, hence the plural being childhood sweethearts.																																														
Occasionally in later years, these friendships are "rekindled" following separations or passing of their adult partners which lead to a later life marriage, union etc.																																														
The person then gets locked into a cycle with the attachment: the person tries to get closer, the attachment rejects the request for greater closeness, which leads the person to try even harder to get closer, followed by another rejection from the attachment, and so on.																																														
Common confusion exists around the extended duration of rebound periods; simply put, one's critical core values and love are often still gravitated and polarized towards a particular person (i.e. one's previous partner) thereby preventing the overall development and accurate assessment of feelings for others during this period of time (the rebound) because true love requires complete mental-emotional commitment.																																														
Janko Kráľ was one of the most significant and most radical Slovak romantic poets of the Ľudovít Štúr generation and a national revivalist.																																														
It is claimed the longer a relationship continues, the more difficult it is for people to leave the abusers with whom they have bonded.																																														
The Friends of Australia Congressional Caucus is the bipartisan caucus within the U.S. Congress that seeks to "promote a deeper cultural understanding, enhance our mutual security, and strengthen our economic ties" between the United States and Australia.																																														
One mother was made solely from wire, and the other mother was made from a block of wood and sponge rubber which was then wrapped with terry cloth; both radiated heat.																																														
Geography of Tonga  Tonga is: an island country of 169 islands, 36 of which are inhabited Location: Southern Hemisphere and Western Hemisphere Pacific Ocean South Pacific Ocean Oceania Polynesia Time zone:  UTC+13 Extreme points of Tonga High:  unnamed location on Kao Island 1,033 m (3,389 ft) Low:  South Pacific Ocean 0 m Land boundaries:  none Coastline:  South Pacific Ocean 419 km Population of Tonga: 100,000  - 187th most populous country  Area of Tonga: 748 km2 Atlas of Tonga   =																																														
Species within the genus Gazameda include:  Gazameda gunnii (Reeve, 1849) Gazameda iredalei Finlay, 1927 Gazameda madagascariensis Bozzetti, 2008 Gazameda tasmanica (Reeve, 1849)Species brought into synonymy Gazameda declivis (Adams & Reeve, 1850): synonym of Turritella declivis Adams & Reeve in Reeve, 1849 Gazameda decoramen Iredale, 1936: synonym of Colpospira decoramen (Iredale, 1936) Gazameda maoria Powell, 1940: synonym of Stiracolpus pagoda (Reeve, 1849)   =																																														
The Hall of Central Harmony (Chinese: 中和殿; pinyin: Zhōng Hé Diàn; Manchu: ᡩᡠᠯᡳᠮᠪᠠ ᡳ ᡥᡡᠸᠠᠯᡳᠶᠠᠮᠪᡠᡵᡝ ᡩᡝᠶᡝᠨ dulimba-i hūwaliyambure deyen) is one of the three halls of the Outer Court of the Forbidden City, in Beijing, China, along with the Hall of Supreme Harmony and Hall of Preserving Harmony.																																														
Islands of Tonga Lakes of Tonga Mountains of Tonga Volcanoes in Tonga Rivers of Tonga Waterfalls of Tonga Valleys of Tonga World Heritage Sites in Tonga: None   =																																														
In Māori mythology, Tangotango (sometimes called Hāpai) was a celestial woman who fell in love with the great hero Tāwhaki and came to earth to become his wife.																																														
Changing social customs and standards also create new taboos, such as bans on slavery; extension of the pedophilia taboo to ephebophilia; prohibitions on alcohol, tobacco, or psychopharmaceutical consumption (particularly among pregnant women), also sexual harassment and sexual objectification are increasingly becoming taboo in recent decades.																																														
) The zoology of the voyage of H. M. S. Samarang under the command of Captain Sir Edward Belcher, C. B., F. R. A. S., F. G. S., during the years 1843-1846.																																														
Had she eaten the entire pomegranate (and thus all the seeds), she would have been condemned to the underworld permanently.																																														
Félix Éboué - Ecole Montfort - Economy of Gabon - Education in Gabon - Jean-Marc Ekoh - Emane Tole - Enenga - Eshira - Eveia - Exploration of Gabon - Eyi Affair   =																																														
Mount Rainier (MRW) Layer Jump Recording (LJR) Optical disc recording modes Small Form Factor committee (SFF)   =																																														
The ACB was also very critical of the National Federation of the Blind which many of its first members had also originally belonged to.																																														
In particular, they tend to make more saccades per line than persons with normal stereo vision, and to have a reduced reading speed, especially when reading a text with small font size.																																														
Originally known as the Wisconsin Institute for the Education of the Blind, the school changed its name in 1885 to the Wisconsin School for the Blind.																																														
Dolphin Lunar - now known as Supernova Magnifier, Magnifier with Speech or Supernova Access Suite Virtual Magnifying Glass - Cross-platform, open-source magnifier application ZoomText MAGic   =																																														
A lesion in the optic nerve of one eye causes partial or complete loss of vision in the same eye, with an intact field of vision in other eye.																																														
Austria Vienna (Embassy)  Belarus Minsk (Embassy)  Belgium Brussels (Embassy)  France Paris (Embassy)  Germany Berlin (Embassy)  Russia Moscow (Embassy) Saint Petersburg (Consulate-General) Novosibirsk (Consulate-General) Yekaterinburg (Consulate-General) Ufa (Consulate-General)   Switzerland Geneva (Embassy)  Ukraine Kyiv (Embassy)  United Kingdom London (Embassy)   =																																														
Working together in this way allows both organisations to share skills and deliver services in line with the UK Vision Strategy and RNIB Group Strategy.																																														
While there is no cure for the disease, there are steps you can take to protect your vision from worsening.																																														
An ocular micrometer is a glass disk that fits in a microscope eyepiece that has a ruled scale, which is used to measure the size of magnified objects.																																														
Albania Tirana (Embassy)  Austria Vienna (Embassy)  Belgium Brussels (Embassy)  Bulgaria Sofia (Embassy)  Croatia Zagreb (Embassy)  Czech Republic Prague (Embassy)  Denmark Copenhagen (Consulate)  France Paris (Embassy) Strasbourg (Consulate General)  Germany Berlin (Embassy) Düsseldorf (Consulate General) Munich (Consulate General) Frankfurt am Main (Consulate) Stuttgart (Consulate)  Hungary Budapest (Embassy)  Italy Rome (Embassy) Milan (Consulate General) Bari (Consular Office)  Montenegro Podgorica (Embassy)  Netherlands The Hague (Embassy)  North Macedonia Skopje (Embassy) Struga (Consulate General)  Norway Oslo (Embassy)  Portugal Lisbon (Embassy)   Serbia Belgrade (Liaison office)  Slovenia Ljubljana (Embassy)  Sweden Stockholm (Embassy)   Switzerland Bern (Embassy) Geneva (Consulate General) Zurich (Consulate)  United Kingdom London (Embassy)   =																																														
Some words can be controversial, such as slang in formal contexts; misnomers, due to them not meaning what they would imply; or polysemous words, due to the potential confusion between their various senses.																																														
The physical mechanism behind the popping or cracking sound heard when cracking joints such as knuckles has recently been elucidated by cine MRI to be caused by tribonucleation as a gas bubble forms in the synovial fluid that bathes the joint.																																														
Edward L. Deci (; born in 1942) is a Professor of Psychology and Gowen Professor in the Social Sciences at the University of Rochester, and director of its human motivation program.																																														
Self-determination theory is a macro theory of human motivation that differentiates between autonomous and controlled forms of motivation; the theory has been applied to predict behavior and inform behavior change in many contexts including: education, health care, work organizations, parenting, and sport (as well as many others).																																														
In 2009, Donald L Unger was awarded the Ig Nobel for Medicine for his informal experiment with knuckle cracking.																																														
Philosophers have found words to be objects of fascination since at least the 5th century BC, with the foundation of the philosophy of language.																																														
For 50 years, he cracked the knuckles of one hand while not cracking the knuckles of the other during that time.																																														
Despite this evidence, many still believe it to be caused by synovial fluid filling the vacuum left by the joint's displacement.																																														
Attribution theory Candle problem Cognitive evaluation theory Motivation crowding theory Reinforcement Self-determination theory Self-perception Social psychology   =																																														
The knuckles at the base of the fingers may be referred to as the 1st or major knuckles while the knuckles at the midfinger are known as the 2nd and 3rd, or minor, knuckles.																																														
At present, there is only one species in this genus: Itmaharela basalis Moore, 1882 that is known from India and Taiwan.																																														
It is currently in use at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, North Carolina State University, University of Colorado, Harvard University, and the University of Maryland.																																														
Adriano Francisco de Moura (born April 12, 1988) is n Brazilian footballer who plays for Puerto Rico United in the USL Professional Division.																																														
A recent study suggests that it may not be necessary to conduct probes every day, but further research is needed to determine how frequency of probe sessions affects efficiency of the procedure.																																														
Therefore, it is believed that when the first-order association is directly activated, it is placed into a labile state (as we would expect from reconsolidation research) which may affect dependent associations.																																														
The experiments noted that the accuracy of neural networks and convolutional neural networks were improved through transfer learning at both the first epoch (prior to any learning, ie.																																														
The principle assumes that any adult has enough life experience to converse with any teacher on any subject and that learners learn best when content relates to their experience.																																														
Critics may see learning augmentation as a crutch that precludes memorization; similar arguments have been made about using calculators in the past.																																														
The expectation is that training in conditions as similar as possible to those in which learners will have to perform will facilitate transfer.																																														
Timeless in Time: Sri Ramana Maharshi (World Wisdom, 2006) ISBN 978-1-933316-15-4 Illustrated Stories/Daily Life Incidents of Bhagavan Ramana (Ramana Maharshi Centre for Learning, 2006) Years in the presence of Ramana My Master (Ramana Maharshi Centre for learning; 01 edition, 2006) ISBN 978-81-88261-52-9 Holistic Meditation the Straight Path (Sri Ramana Maharshi Research Centre, 2005) ISBN 978-81-89231-02-6 The Silent Mind ; The Ramana Way (Ramana Maharshi Centre for Learning, 2004) ISBN 81-85378-23-1 Arunachala: From Rigveda To Ramana Maharshi (Amana Maharshi Centre For Learning, 2002) ISBN 978-81-85378-91-6 Living with Ramana Maharshi (Ramana Maharshi Centre for Learning, 2002) ISBN 81-85378-55-X Self Discovery : Understanding the Mind ; The Ramana Way (Ramana Maharshi Centre for Learning, 2000) ISBN 81-85378-74-6 Ramana Maharshi ; The Living Guru (Ramana Maharshi Centre for Learning, 2000) ISBN 81-85378-58-4 Ramana Gita (Motilal Banarsidass Publishers P. Ltd., 1999) ISBN 81-85378-33-9 The Hidden Power (Ramana Maharshi Centre for Learning, 1995) Ramana Maharshi's Miracles: They Happen Everyday First Person Accounts (Ramana Maharshi Centre for Learning, 1995) Sayings of Sri Ramana Maharshi (Ramana Maharshi Centre for Learning, 1994) ISBN 81-85378-14-2 First Meetings with Ramana Maharshi: First Person Accounts (Ramana Maharshi Centre for Learning, 1994) Jagadguru Sri Chandrasekhara Bharati Mahaswami: Mystic & seer (Ramana Maharshi Centre for Learning, 1994) ISBN 978-81-85378-36-7 Inner Circle, The (Ramana Maharshi Centre for Learning, 1994) ISBN 81-85378-26-6 Insights into the Ramana Way (Ramana Maharshi Centre for Learning, 1992) Meditations the Ramana Way (Ramana Maharshi Centre for Learning, 1991) ISBN 81-85378-00-2 Bhagavan Ramana & Mother (Ramana Maharshi Centre, 1982)   =																																														
Educational technology – Use of technology in education to improve learning and teaching (the use of electronic educational technology is also called e-learning) Edupunk Instructional design – Process for design and development of learning resources Teaching method – Principles and methods used by teachers to enable student learning Training Within Industry – Service for on the job training in industry was developed during WWII and is still in use around the world Behaviorism – Systematic approach to understanding the behavior of humans and other animals Cognitivism – Theoretical framework for understanding the mind Constructivism – Philosophical viewpoint about the nature of knowledge; theory of knowledge   =																																														
A sana lamjel was defined by the ruler of the kingdom, Nongda Lairen Pakhangpa in 33 CE, being equal to the distance from the floor to the tips of the fingers of his raised right hand while standing (a fathom), plus 4 fingerwidths.																																														
The dyne is defined as "the force required to accelerate a mass of one gram at a rate of one centimetre per second squared".																																														
So the accuracy of the current measurement is limited by the accuracy with which the coils can be measured, and their mechanical rigidity.																																														
The physical consequences of rotation experienced by the rotating-frame observer can be said to be “smudged into” the non-rotating observer's physics.																																														
The lower pan is kept immersed to the same depth in water, while the other one hangs in the air.																																														
Close to the Earth's surface, the gravitational field is approximately constant, and the gravitational potential energy of an object reduces to  where                         m                 {\displaystyle m}    is the object's mass,                         g         =																																														
Qafiz (Arabic: قفيز) is a traditional Arabian unit of measure for several quantities including volume, weight and area which took several different values depending on the time and region.																																														
In physics, the history of centrifugal and centripetal forces illustrates a long and complex evolution of thought about the nature of forces, relativity, and the nature of physical laws.																																														
The net forces equaling zero is known as the first condition for equilibrium, and the net torque equaling zero is known as the second condition for equilibrium.																																														
The 3rd edition of the annual competition was organised by the European governing body for amateur boxing, EABA.																																														
In the third case, the object is suspended under the surface of the liquid and the increase of weight of the vessel is measured.																																														
It was an ornithopod discovered in the Cambridge Greensand of England and is known from 19 centra, 3 sacrals, 4 dorsals and 12 caudals, and a neural arch found near Trumpington, Cambridgeshire.																																														
The lumbar enlargement (or lumbosacral enlargement) is a widened area of the spinal cord that gives attachment to the nerves which supply the lower limbs.																																														
The discoverers erected a new family for the genus, Huabeisauridae, although this family name is not widely used amongst paleontologists.																																														
The pubic arch is one of three notches (the one in front) that separate the eminences of the lower circumference of the true pelvis.																																														
The central raised area of the cephalon, called the glabella, is strongly divided by two deep furrows that merge when crossing the midline.																																														
Anatomy figure: 36:03-05 at Human Anatomy Online, SUNY Downstate Medical Center - "Internal surface of the anterior abdominal wall".																																														
Primary ossification centers are located near the angle of each rib, and ossification continues in the direction away from the head and neck.																																														
Bellacartwrightia is a relatively uncommon genus of phacopid trilobite, found in the mid-Devonian Hamilton Group of New York state, mainly in strata exposed near Lake Erie just west of Buffalo.																																														
The relative size and shape of its teeth indicate a diet ranging from soft teuthoids, such as belemnites, to bony fish, and perhaps some of the larger reptiles.																																														
It arises, in most cases, from the costocervical trunk, and is analogous to the posterior branch of an aortic intercostal artery: occasionally it is a separate branch from the subclavian artery.																																														
It lived during the later part of the Arenig stage of the Ordovician Period, approximately 478 to 471 million years ago.																																														
Other related conditions on the eyelids include chalazion (a granulomatous reaction to sebaceous glands on the eyelid), lacrimal duct cysts (cysts related to tear ducts), and nasolacrimal duct cysts (the nasolacrimal duct drains tears into the nose via a punctum on the lower eyelid).																																														
These glands produce an oily substance that is issued through the excretory ducts of the sebaceous lobule into the middle portion of the hair follicle.																																														
The type of secretory product of exocrine glands may also be one of three categories:  Serous glands secrete a watery, often protein-rich, fluid-like product, e.g. sweat glands.																																														
A cell is classified as merocrine if the secretions of that cell are excreted via exocytosis from secretory cells into an epithelial-walled duct or ducts and then onto a bodily surface or into the lumen.																																														
The condition may be a sign of various disease states, including but not exclusive to the following:  Cancers Lymphoma Leukemia Infections HIV/AIDS Tuberculosis Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare infection Infectious mononucleosis Fungal infections (histoplasmosis, coccidioidomycosis) Lung abscess Infective endocarditis Brucellosis Pneumocystis pneumonia (most often - in immunocompromised individuals) Omicron variant of COVID-19 Endocrine disorders Menopause Premature ovarian failure Hyperthyroidism Diabetes mellitus (nocturnal hypoglycemia) Endocrine tumors (pheochromocytoma, carcinoid) Orchiectomy Rheumatic disorders Takayasu's arteritis Temporal arteritis Other Obstructive sleep apnea Gastroesophageal reflux disease Chronic fatigue syndrome Fibromyalgia Granulomatous disease Chronic eosinophilic pneumonia Lymphoid hyperplasia Diabetes insipidus Prinzmetal's angina Anxiety Pregnancy Drugs Antipyretics (salicylates, acetaminophen) Antihypertensives Anabolic–androgenic steroids, in particular trenbolone, and the nandrolones Dinitrophenol - a common side effect Phenothiazines Drug withdrawal: ethanol, benzodiazepines, heroin (and other opioids), Over-bundling Autonomic over-activity Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) - Crohn's disease/ulcerative colitis   =																																														
As with other types of focal hyperhidrosis (e.g. axillary and craniofacial) the sweating tends to worsen during warm weather.																																														
Night sweats, also referred to as nocturnal hyperhidrosis (Hyperhidrosis - a medical term for excessive sweating  + nocturnal - night), is the repeated occurrence of excessive sweating during sleep.																																														
Basal lamina typically can be seen as a layer around the glands to which a million, maybe more, tiny blood vessels are attached.																																														
Examples include the salivary glands: although the parotid gland (saliva secretion 25%) is predominantly serous, the sublingual gland (saliva secretion 5%) mainly mucous gland, and the submandibular gland (saliva secretion 70%) is a mixed, mainly serous gland.																																														
Millions of people are affected by this condition, but more than half never receive treatment due to embarrassment, lack of awareness, or lack of concern.																																														
Their apocrine glands, like those in humans, produce an odorless, oily, opaque secretion that gains its characteristic odor upon bacterial decomposition.																																														
Taking Shape: Abstraction From the Arab World, 1950s-1980s, a 2020 installation at New York University's Grey Art Gallery, explored how Arabic calligraphy, with its ancient presence in visual art, influenced abstract art in the Arab world.																																														
Another two Japanese brands, Sakura and Tombow, manufacture and commercialise brush-tip markers, named "brush pens" by themselves, although unlike Pentel or Kuretake products, Sakura's and Tombow's don't use the same type of ink and do not use refillable cartridges.																																														
From an artistic point of view, Arabic calligraphy has been known and appreciated for its diversity and great potential for development.																																														
As with a fountain pen, ink leaves the tip of a felt tip pen by capillary action when writing on a porous surface.																																														
Zelandia Illustrata, Amsterdam, Netherlands 18,000 maps, prints, drawings, photographs, glass negatives, slides and postcards Museo ABC de Dibujo e Ilustración, Madrid, Spain 200,000 drawings and illustrations by 1,500 artists from 1891 up to the present Museum Boijmans van Beuningen, Rotterdam, The Netherlands 17,000 drawings, 60,000 to 70,000 prints Hamburger Kunsthalle, Hamburg, Germany 130,000 prints and drawings Teylers Museum Haarlem, The Netherlands Städel Museum, Frankfurt am Main, Germany 100,000 prints and drawings Museum of Fine Arts Budapest, Budapest, Hungary 100,000 prints, 10,000 drawings  National Art Museum of Catalonia, Barcelona, Spain 50,000 drawings, 70,000 prints Royal Academy of Fine Arts of San Fernando, Madrid, Spain 15,300 drawings, 35,000 prints Hispanic Society of America, New York, US 6,000 drawings, 15,000 prints Plantin-Moretus Museum, Antwerp, Belgium 75,000 drawings and prints   =																																														
There is also a tradition both in China and in Japan of making a brush using the hair of a newborn, as a once-in-a-lifetime souvenir for the child.																																														
Laurentius wrote the Echternach martyrology in minuscule, and charters for the town of Echternach between 704 and 722.																																														
British Museum, London, England 50,000 drawings, 2 million prints The Metropolitan Museum of Art *, New York, US 15,000 drawings, 1.																																														
They crafted a series of cuts that would cut the nib of the pen until it was flat enough, and pointed.																																														
Reed pens, quill pens and dip pens, which were used for writing, have been replaced by ballpoint pens, rollerball pens, fountain pens and felt or ceramic tip pens.																																														
1988: AS Port                                               0-0 ACPM [aet, 4-3 pen] 1989: AS Port                                               4–2  Chemin de Fer Djibouto-Ethiopien 1990: AS Port 1991: AS Aéroport                                           2-1 AS Port 1992: AS Compagnie Djibouti-Ethiopie (Djib.																																														
The rescue swimming badges in silver and gold are permitted to be worn on uniforms of the Bundeswehr, the German Police and various rescue services as a ribbon.																																														
This was commonly thought to be a risk when rescuing drowning people—that they would cling to their rescuer with a death grip which would cause them both to perish.																																														
League and Cup competitions resume in the United Kingdom for the first time since the start of the Second World War in 1939.																																														
Carlos Enrique de Castro Storace (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈkaɾlos ðe ˈkastɾo]; 19 April 1979 – 16 February 2015) was an Uruguayan footballer who played as a centre back.																																														
Although minute volume can be viewed as a unit of volume, it is usually treated in practice as a flow rate (given that it represents a volume change over time).																																														
Commonly these rescuers are known from Coast Guard service, where they are seen saving people during a dangerous encounter.																																														
It is elicited by holding the newborn in ventral suspension (face down) and stroking along the one side of the spine.																																														
The Moderator was responsible for presiding over the meeting of the General Assembly, which was held annually between 1861 and 1983.																																														
Acute hypocapnia causes hypocapnic alkalosis, which causes cerebral vasoconstriction leading to cerebral hypoxia, and this can cause transient dizziness, fainting, and anxiety.																																														
In general, oropharyngeal airways need to be sized and inserted correctly to maximize effectiveness and minimize possible complications, such as oral trauma.																																														
Quyen:  Quyen T. Nguyen, American surgeon Quyen Tran, American cinematographerQuyên:  Hoàng Quyên (born 1992), Vietnamese singerQuyễn:  Nguyễn Quyễn (born 1952), Vietnamese long-distance runnerQuyền:  Ngô Quyền (897–944), Ngô dynasty king Nguyễn Quyền (1869–1941), Vietnamese anti-colonial activist   =																																														
During the first Mongol invasion in 1231, Hong Bok-won greeted the Mongol army and turned against Goryeo.																																														
The Western Yan people—400,000 men and women—then abandoned Chang'an, which had been the Former Qin capital but had been captured by the prior Western Yan ruler Murong Chong -- to head back to their homeland in the east.																																														
The king was captured, but the Crown Prince managed to gather an army and escape to Goryeo in hopes of gathering strength to avenge the humiliating defeat and downfall of his dynasty.																																														
Later that year, he wanted to create another concubine, Liu Ying (劉英), empress, but Empress Zhang insisted that he create Zhang Huiguang empress.																																														
Other sources suggest that the first ruler to appoint a Chancellor was Edward the Confessor, who is said to have adopted the practice of sealing documents instead of personally signing them.																																														
Upon the wish of the empress dowager, she escorted empress Borjigit incognito to receive medical treatment by the Jesuit Adam Schall von Bell.																																														
Prince Mohammad Hassan Mirza II Qajar (born 18 July 1949) is the son of Hamid Mirza and a grandson of Mohammad Hassan Mirza, the last Crown Prince of Iran from the rule of the Qajar dynasty.																																														
He was known to have been the ruler in 1260 when the 1260 earthquake struck the valley, just five years after the 1255 earthquake.																																														
His rule started when 1255 earthquake killed Abhaya Malla and finished when the 1260 earthquake was over.																																														
Zhang Huiguang (Chinese: 張徽光) (died  313), formally Empress Wuxiao (Chinese: 武孝皇后, literally "the martial and filial empress"), was an empress of the Xiongnu-led Chinese Han Zhao dynasty.																																														
This is my bank, this is my territory, this is my book, this is all my domain and every day that God gives us.																																														
Lydia Shouleva (Bulgarian: Лидия Шулева; born 23 December 1956 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian politician and Member of the European Parliament.																																														
According to them, it was the Punu people who had invaded the kingdom of Kongo in 1568 and they were known as Jagas.																																														
Alferova Nadezhda Antonova Larisa Vasil'eva Iraida Gomza Alexandra Zharova Julia Zorina Zoya Kalikova Alina Kurillov Gennady Klement'ev Piter Kokshina Svetlana Kouzmin Ivan Mel'nik Julia Mozhaeva Iren Tarasova Ol'ga Timofeeva Alevtina Khor'kova Elena   =																																														
A bottle is a narrow-necked container made of an impermeable material (such as glass, plastic or aluminium) in various shapes and sizes that stores and transports liquids.																																														
Mmanwu will work alongside the Igbo community's political assembly, often stepping into action when the political assembly has reached a stalemate in a certain issue.																																														
Directed by Alessandro D'Alatri today, the theatre has performed at many major Italian festivals, including the Venice Biennale, the Festival dei Due Mondi in Spoleto, the Festival del Teatro di San Miniato, and at numerous theatrical festivals in Vicenza and Verona.																																														
The picture on the right is by Claude Monet, and it  shows the Boulevard des Capucines where the processions take place.																																														
Sri Girish Chandra Ghosh is noted for having given the last spectacular performance of his life in this theatre.																																														
The Wayang Potehi tradition is mainly preserved in Central Java (Semarang) and East Java's (Gudo, Jombang) Chinese communities.																																														
According to a scientific article from 1946, the process results in salt of high purity but "is the least economical method for the production of a given quantity of salt".																																														
Disciplines were introduced in World Cup: downhill, giant slalom and slalom in 1967; Combined and parallel slalom in 1975; super-G in 1982, super-combined in 2006 and renamed to alpine combined in 2015.																																														
The winner gets promoted to the Campeonato Português de Rugby and the last positioned team gets relegated to the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby II Divisão.																																														
It is approved for use as a food additive in the EU, USA and Australia and New Zealand (where it is listed by its INS number 281).																																														
Nevertheless, the iodide in tincture of iodine used as a water disinfectant does supply more than adequate nutritional iodine, perhaps 30 or more times the recommended daily allowance per liter or quart.																																														
Magnesium can be depleted by mangrove plants and the use of excessive limewater or by going beyond natural calcium, alkalinity, and pH values.																																														
sofalcone (INN) Sofarin sofigatran (USAN) sofinicline (USAN, INN) Soflax Sofra-Tulle sograzepide (USAN) solabegron (INN) Solage solanezumab (USAN, INN) Solaquin Solaraze Solarcaine solasulfone (INN) Solatene Solfoton Solganal solifenacin succinate (USAN) Soliris solithromycin (USAN, INN) solpecainol (INN) Solu-Cortef Solu-Medrol Solugel Soluvite solypertine (INN)   =																																														
Iron(II) fumarate, also known as ferrous fumarate, is the iron(II) salt of fumaric acid, occurring as a reddish-orange powder, used to supplement iron intake.																																														
As the market for specialty salts has grown, companies have begun to harvest fleur de sel for export wherever the geographic and meteorological conditions are favorable.																																														
Some of the baby and toddler foods examined by the two groups had no added sodium, while other foods had levels considered excessive.																																														
At the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015, the canton was expanded from 11 to 17 communes:   =																																														
A 2012 meta-analysis found that sexual jealousy in males can also lead to emotions such as distress, hurt and disgust being experienced.																																														
A study done by Ferris, Smith, Greenberg, and Smith looked into the way people saw dating and romantic relationships based on how many reality dating shows they watched.																																														
432, ranking it 160th out of 253 journals in the category "Neurosciences", and 31st out of 84 journals in the category "Psychology, experimental".																																														
Its characteristics are: Little resistance and distress associated with obsessional thoughts Anger specifically directed at spouse Jealousy evident only in a committed relationship Frequently monosymptomatic Frequently responds at lower doses of SSRI Rapid response in comparison with classical OCD   =																																														
It is not classified as a mental disorder in the psychiatric manuals DSM or ICD, but it is mentioned as an example of how obsessive compulsive disorder can present itself.																																														
At the January 2017 reorganisation of the arrondissements of Drôme, it lost 17 communes to the arrondissement of Die and one commune to the arrondissement of Nyons, and it gained one commune from the arrondissement of Die.																																														
Ricardo Cirera Salse (Os de Balaguer, 1864-Barcelona, August 1932) was a geomagnetist who conducted the first geomagnetic survey of the Philippines and who founded the El Ebro Observatory in Roquetes (1904), Catalonia, Spain.																																														
The tinamou egg in Darwin's collection is an egg of the tinamou species and is the only specimen left in Darwin's collections during his HMS Beagle voyage.																																														
Since this re-evolution is near impossible due to the complexity of oviparous reproductive mode, the simple labile characteristic of parity cannot be sufficiently supported.																																														
Oviparous animals are female animals that  lay their eggs, with little or no other embryonic development within the mother.																																														
A recent proposal suggests that the phylotypic animal body plans originated in cell aggregates before the existence of an egg stage of development.																																														
Some insects, notably tachinid flies, are ovolarviparous, which means that the embryos develop into the first larval stage (instar) within the eggs while still in the female's oviduct.																																														
However, with food dishes, non-English names are often adopted into the culture, such as with "Huevos rancheros" as an egg dish found in Tex-Mex cuisine.																																														
Belonging to the family Syngnathidae, it grows up to 10 cm long, and is found in the first 12 m of the warm tropical seas off the coast of Australia.																																														
, 1817 Description de l'Egypte, ou recueil des observations et des recherches qui ont été faites en Egypte pendant l'expédition de l'Armée française, publié par les ordres de sa Majesté l'Empereur Napoléon le Grand.																																														
Female will attempt to bring the male's tail into their mouth and, at the right moment, the male will ejaculate into their mouths, fertilizing the eggs.																																														
Bartsch, P, Some turrid mollusks of Monterey Bay and vinicity; Proceedings of the Biological Society of Washington, v. 57 p. 57-68 Tucker, J.K. (2004).																																														
One four-year-old Red Shaver chicken in Ottawa was credited with laying an egg with a mass of 143 grams, which is almost three times the size of a standard medium egg (Typically a medium egg is 49 g, a jumbo egg is 70 g).																																														
The European system of national and regional accounts (ESA95) explicitly includes produced intangible assets (e.g. mineral exploitation, computer software, copyright protected entertainment, literary and artistics originals) within the definition of fixed assets.																																														
This number differs from The World's Billionaires by Forbes, and the Bloomberg Billionaires Index, as they both use the United States dollar to evaluate net worth.																																														
Since September 15, 2008, there has been no official Ambassador with the office being held by a chargé d’Affaires.																																														
List of cities by number of billionaires List of countries by the number of millionaires List of countries by share of income of the richest one percent The World's Billionaires Millionaire List of wealthiest families   =																																														
Once the asset is sold, the appreciation since the date of initially buying the asset becomes a "realized" gain.																																														
4 million using the gold priceThus one would need to have almost thirty million dollars today to have the purchasing power of a US millionaire in 1900, or more than 100 million dollars to have the same impact on the US economy.																																														
United States Department of State: Background notes on Colombia  This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Department of State website https://www.																																														
Related distinctions are sometimes drawn between real assets and financial assets, or between tangible assets and intangible assets, the latter particularly in accounting, as detailed below.																																														
This is a list of Members of Parliament (MPs) elected to the House of Representatives at the 1999 Nepalese legislative election and subsequent by-elections.																																														
This is a list of countries by their number of billionaire residents, based on annual assessments of the net worth in United States Dollars of wealthy individuals worldwide.																																														
It is a comparative measurement that evaluates the TCO and any additional benefits, such as the mobility of laptops when compared to desktop computers.																																														
Butter cakes are traditionally made using a creaming method, in which the butter and sugar are first beaten until fluffy to incorporate air into the butter.																																														
Though they come in many shapes and sizes, buns are most commonly round, and are generally hand-sized or smaller.																																														
In Argentina they are very popular amongst other “facturas” (Argentinean pastries) and are usually the perfect accompaniment of mate in the morning or in the afternoon during ‘tea time’.																																														
The oldest bird sanctuary is Vedanthangal Bird Sanctuary near Chennai in Tamil Nadu state, and was established in 1796.																																														
Examples include croissants; Vienna bread and its French equivalent, pain viennois, often shaped into baguettes; brioche; pain au chocolat; pain au lait; pain aux raisins; chouquettes; Danish pastries; xuixo; bugnes; and chausson aux pommes.																																														
Instead of a raising agent, choux pastry employs its high moisture content to create steam, as the water in the dough evaporates when baked, puffing the pastry.																																														
The bun has layers of peanut butter fillings, sometimes with light sprinkles of sugar mixed with the peanut butter for extra flavor.																																														
In Austrian cuisine, one variation of Marillenknödel, a sweet apricot dumpling cooked in simmering water, uses choux pastry; in that case it does not puff, but remains relatively dense.																																														
Goat Roti ( ROH-tee) is a type of wrap roti, a traditional Trinidadian dish, also popular in the West Indies and in Caribbean-descendant communities throughout North America.																																														
When Lupe was still a child, her father died and she was taken in by the local church orphanage which was funded by ChildCare, an American charity for international orphans.																																														
He has melted bullets while they are in the air, and can even melt people with fatal effects.																																														
DeConnick said at WonderCon 2012 that her pitch for the series could be described as "Carol Danvers as Chuck Yeager".																																														
Albatross (Phoenix) a.k.a. Nova Caine of E-Man Zitpops (Cyclops) Clodhoppus (Colossus) Drizzle (Storm) Airhead (Kitty Pryde) Slimesquirmer (Nightcrawler) The Weasel (Wolverine)   =																																														
It is said that he became worn out by anxiety and overwork and, having been sent to England to recruit workers, he did not return.																																														
Though he has many great accomplishments, during the first volume of the Ultimates, he remains unsure of himself, clearly shown when he's heavily beat down and throws up in his own helmet.																																														
The armor also has several offensive features, and is capable of releasing electric current, sleeping gas and an inky fluid similar to that discharged by an octopus.																																														
Sif appears in all three novels in the Tales of Asgard trilogy, written by Keith R.A. DeCandido and published by Joe Books.																																														
How she escaped from the containment box is unknown, but she reappeared in a new body and rejoined the Marauders, who once again began massacring the Morlock population.																																														
Created by Superman comic writer Elliot S. Maggin, Wells first appeared in Maggin's novel Superman: Miracle Monday (1981); he later introduced her into comics continuity as Superwoman.																																														
While working on her autobiography, she could not shake her ambition to join the Legion of Super-Heroes so she gave up her life of power lunches and social teas and instead joined the Legion of Substitute Heroes, even though she felt they lacked enough publicity to do her any good.																																														
Spheterista argentinotata (Walsingham, in Sharp, 1907) Spheterista cassia (Swezey, 1912) Spheterista flavocincta (Walsingham, in Sharp, 1907) Spheterista flavopicta (Walsingham, in Sharp, 1907) Spheterista fulva (Walsingham, in Sharp, 1907) Spheterista glaucoviridana (Walsingham, in Sharp, 1907) Spheterista infaustana (Walsingham, in Sharp, 1907) Spheterista ochreocuprea (Walsingham, in Sharp, 1907) Spheterista oheoheana (Swezey, 1933) Spheterista pernitida (Walsingham, in Sharp, 1907) Spheterista pleonectes (Walsingham, in Sharp, 1907) Spheterista pterotropiana (Swezey, 1933) Spheterista reynoldsiana (Swezey, 1920) Spheterista tetraplasandra (Swezey, 1920) Spheterista urerana (Swezey, 1915) Spheterista variabilis (Walsingham, in Sharp, 1907) Spheterista xanthogona (Walsingham, in Sharp, 1907)   =																																														
Jochen Hecht of the Buffalo Sabres, Dennis Seidenberg of the New York Islanders, Marcel Goc of the Nashville Predators, and Christian Ehrhoff of the Buffalo Sabres are NHL players who use T-Blade skates.																																														
The less commonly known type of skeleton knife is a penknife that was made without bolsters or handle material and sold to jewelers or other artisans for final finishing.																																														
Lower grades of stainless steel cannot take as sharp an edge as good-quality high-carbon steels, but are resistant to corrosion, and are inexpensive.																																														
By contrast, in most of Asia and Africa, knives have long been a utensil used only in the kitchen (meat either being cut into pieces or cooked so that it could be pulled apart with the hands); with only hands, spoons, or chopsticks used at the table.																																														
The curve of the back edge maximizes the size of the knife belly, the curved part of the cutting edge.																																														
The Kansai, kamagata style variation has a spine that drops down to the edge at the tip, allowing the usuba to do fine delicate work.																																														
Some designs feature an arched blade to enhance the ease of a single-pass cut in removing fish flesh from its bones.																																														
Normally, the desired outcome of jointing is an edge which is straight along its length and perpendicular to the face of the board.																																														
A standard in Asian (especially Japanese) kitchens, the santoku and its Western copies have become very popular in recent years with chefs in Europe and the United States.																																														
Green March List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 301 to 400 (1971–1976) United Nations visiting mission to Spanish Sahara Western Sahara War   =																																														
The International Strategic Studies Association (ISSA) describes itself as Washington, D.C.–based non-governmental organization (NGO) with a worldwide membership of professionals involved in national management, particularly in national and international security and strategic policy.																																														
The resolution decided to call upon the parties concerned to immediately implement Resolution 338 (1973), it renewed the mandate of the Observer Force for another six months until 30 November 1993 and requested that the Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali submit a report on the situation at the end of that period.																																														
The fallback voting procedure is sometimes characterized by a relatively high vote required for approval, such as 80%, with the idea that this approximates decision by consensus.																																														
United Nations Security Council resolution 613, adopted unanimously on 31 May 1988, after considering a report by the Secretary-General regarding the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force, the Council noted its efforts to establish a durable and just peace in the Middle East but also expressed its concern over the prevailing state of tension in the area.																																														
United Nations Security Council Resolution 207, adopted unanimously on August 10, 1965, after a receiving report by the Secretary-General stating that recent developments in Cyprus had increased tension on the island, the Council reaffirmed its Resolution 186 and called upon all parties to avoid any action which would be likely to worsen the situation.																																														
The Council also called on the two governments to co-operate fully with the United Nations Military Observer Group in Pakistan and asked the Secretary-General to report back on the implementation of the resolution within three days.																																														
United Nations Security Council Resolution 11, adopted on November 15, 1946, set the conditions under Article 93, paragraph 2 of the United Nations Charter upon which Switzerland would be admitted to the International Court of Justice.																																														
The opening provoked rioting, which lasted for five days, in the territories which resulted in the deaths of 14 Israelis and 56 Arabs.																																														
The Secretary-General was urged to continue the objectives taking into account Resolution 1178 (1998), and to work intensively on the following issues: (a) Refraining from threats or use of violence; (b) To limit and reduce the presence of foreign troops on the island; (c) Implementing proposals recommended by the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus to reduce tensions along the Buffer Zone; (d) Further progress in reducing tension; (e) Making progress on substantive issues; (f) Other measures to build co-operation and trust.																																														
United Nations Security Council Resolution 438, adopted on October 23, 1978, after reaffirming previous resolutions, considered a report by the Secretary-General regarding the United Nations Emergency Force and noted the discussions the Secretary-General had with all the concerned parties to the Middle East situation.																																														
It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Pokrówka, 8 km (5 mi) south of Chełm, and 65 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.																																														
Descendants of the family include, among others, Małgorzata Sąsiadek, a renowned medicine professor at the University of Wrocław, and Stefan Cieśla, a Warsaw lawyer and banker.																																														
Jan Kiszka (1552–1592) was a politician, magnate, patron, and benefactor of Polish brethren in the 16th century Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.																																														
Paul J. Best "The Lemkos of Poland" - Articles and Essays, editor Paul Best and Jarosław Moklak "The Lemko Region, 1939–1947 War, Occupation and Deportation" - Articles and Essays, editor Paul Best and Jarosław Moklak, ISBN 978-1938292033 (avail.																																														
He was the brother of Adam Stanisław Krasiński, the father of Jan Krasiński and Adam Krasiński, and the grandfather of Wincenty Krasiński.																																														
Since 1633 district judge deputy (Polish: podsędek) and since 1645 district judge (Polish: sędzia ziemski, Latin: iudex terrestris) of Kraków.																																														
Nortom is listed by the Roth Institute in Tel Aviv among the four Polish publishers known for their "antisemitic, Holocaust distorting or Holocaust denying books".																																														
Nine Lithuanian nobles were: castellan of Vilnius Kristinas Astikas, elder of Vilnius Jurgis Gedgaudas, elder of Samogitia Mykolas Kęsgaila, voivode of Trakai Jaunius Kęsgaila, castellan of Trakai Sungaila, land marshal Rumbaudas Valimantaitis, Chodko Jurewicz, regent of Navahrudak Petras Mangirdaitis, court marshal Jonas Goštautas.																																														
Przęsin [ˈpʂɛ̃ɕin] (German: Hansberg; Kashubian: Przãsëno) is a village in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, on the border with West Pomeranian Voivodeship.																																														
Some Polish farmers from Wronowice were among the victims of a massacre of 30 Poles perpetrated by German soldiers in Chechło near Pabianice on September 8, 1939 during the German invasion of Poland which started World War II (see Nazi crimes against the Polish nation).																																														
Świniary [ɕfiˈɲarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.																																														
With its neighbouring hamlets of Le Serre, Le Martouret and Le Villard, it lies on the banks of the river Drac, close to the Écrins National Park.																																														
†Avipeda (Copper Canyon Late Miocene of California, USA)Web impressions sometimes present; Avian: waterbirds (Anseriformes, Charadriiformes, Ciconiiformes, Rallidae?																																														
Unlike the dinosaur-like "Archaeornithes", the various types of birds assigned to the Odontognathae had short tails with a plowshare-shaped pygostyle and a well developed carina for flight muscle.																																														
The placement of these theropods is controversial, with some studies placing them as basal ceratosaurs possibly related to Noasauridae (which they may also include the otherwise noasaurid subfamily Elaphrosaurinae), others classifying them as megaraptorans, basal neovenatorids, or basal coelurosaurs.																																														
Chicoreus varius is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.																																														
There is no true consensus, but the broad middle-ground position is that the Sibley-Monroe classification, overall, is "about 80% correct".																																														
There is no single, authoritative higher-level classification of frogs, and Vitt and Caldwell (2014) use name Xenoanura for a similar clade, skipping Pipoidea altogether, as did Frost et al.																																														
The genus contains nine species: Andean tit-spinetail, Leptasthenura andicola Streak-backed tit-spinetail, Leptasthenura striata Rusty-crowned tit-spinetail, Leptasthenura pileata White-browed tit-spinetail, Leptasthenura xenothorax Striolated tit-spinetail, Leptasthenura striolata Plain-mantled tit-spinetail, Leptasthenura aegithaloides Tufted tit-spinetail, Leptasthenura platensis Brown-capped tit-spinetail, Leptasthenura fuliginiceps Araucaria tit-spinetail, Leptasthenura setariaThe tawny tit-spinetail	is placed together with Des Murs's wiretail in the genus Sylviorthorhynchus.																																													
Notable paleornithologists are Storrs L. Olson, Alexander Wetmore, Alan Feduccia, Cécile Mourer-Chauviré, Philip Ashmole, Pierce Brodkorb, Trevor H. Worthy, Zhou Zhonghe, Yevgeny Kurochkin, Bradley C. Livezey, Gareth J. Dyke, Luis M. Chiappe, Gerald Mayr and David Steadman.																																														
For his part, Rauhut (1997, 2000, 2003) agreed with Long and Murry (1995) in questioning the ornithomimosaur placement of Shuvosaurus but classified it as a basal theropod.																																														
This bird is of uncertain relationships; it has been variously considered to be an ancestral rail or to belong to the Quercymegapodiidae, a prehistoric group of Galliformes (landfowl).																																														
In the stated philosophy, a sin occurs when a person knowingly commits an evil act, meaning that they must know both:  that they are committing the act that the act is evilIf a person is ignorant of one of these two facts, then the type of ignorance becomes important.																																														
Along with Santos and Palmeiras, Corinthians and São Paulo are often referred to as the four major São Paulo football teams.																																														
The Mizusawa Domain (水沢藩, Mizusawa han) was a feudal domain in Mutsu Province of Japan (present-day Mizusawa-ward, Ōshū, Iwate) during the Edo period.																																														
Moral intelligence was first developed as a concept in 2005 by Doug Lennick and Fred Kiel, Ph.D. Much of the research involved with moral intelligence agrees that this characteristic is ability-based, rather than trait-based.																																														
Beheshtifar, Esmaeli, and Moghadam (2011) reported that there is a significant amount of research to support that leadership effectiveness is positively correlated with intelligence.																																														
An invincible error is, in Christian philosophy, a normally sinful action which is not considered sinful because it was committed through blameless ignorance that one's actions were harmful or otherwise prohibited.																																														
In the beginning, Corinthians played its games at Estádio Alfredo Schürig, and São Paulo at Estádio da Floresta, and later at the Pacaembu, which eventually became home of the dérbi.																																														
Prajñā (प्रज्ञा) is often translated as "wisdom", but according to Buddhist bioethics scholar Damien Keown, it is closer in meaning to "insight", "non-discriminating knowledge", or "intuitive apprehension".																																														
For example, ignorance within science opens the opportunity to seek knowledge and make discoveries by asking new questions.																																														
1960 Galwegians 1961 Galwegians 1962 UCG beat Galwegians 1963 UCG 1964 Galwegians 1965 Corinthians beat Athlone 1966 UCG/Galwegians 1967 UCG 1968 UCG 1969 UCG   =																																														
Pedro Francisco Garcia, best known as Tupãzinho (born in Tupã, July 7, 1968 was a Brazilian footballer, nicknamed by fans Talismã da Fiel (Fiel's Talisman).																																														
It contains the following genera: Chilosphex Menke in R. Bohart and Menke, 1976 Isodontia Patton, 1880 Palmodes Kohl, 1890 Prionyx Vander Linden, 1827 Sphex Linnaeus, 1758 Stangeella Menke, 1962   =																																														
The tail and rump are white, with an inverted black T giving a pattern like eastern black-eared wheatear, but with a uniformly wide terminal band.																																														
The breeding season of this bird usually begins at the start of the monsoon, around October to January, although breeding can occur at any time.																																														
Colony size did not influence the laying date, the clutch size or the number of successfully fledged young, but this species does not form large colonies anyway.																																														
Sciadia torvaria (Hübner, 1813), Sciadia sabaudiensis Leraut, 2008) Sciadia tenebraria wockearia (Staudinger, 1871) Sciadia tenebraria taurusica Huemer & Hausmann, 2009   =																																														
There are four subspecies: T. l. litsitsirupa is the most southerly form, occurring from Namibia, Botswana, Zimbabwe and Mozambique south to northern and eastern parts of South Africa.																																														
Tristram's starling is sometimes known as "Tristram's grackle", and the hill mynas in the genus Gracula have also been called grackles.																																														
Two or three white eggs are laid on a shelf in the upper part of the nest, and incubated by both parents.																																														
It spends the non-breeding season in eastern Nigeria, Cameroon, southern Chad and Sudan, the Republic of the Congo, the D.R.C. and western Central African Republic.																																														
Streaked saltator photo gallery at VIREO (Drexel University) Streaked saltator species account at Neotropical Birds (Cornell Lab of Ornithology) Interactive range map of Saltator striatipectus at IUCN Red List maps Audio recordings of Streaked saltator on Xeno-canto.																																														
The word may come from the German Bückling or the Swedish böckling, both words denoting a hot-smoked variety of the kipper.																																														
American barbecue's roots start with the Native Americans who smoked fish and game to preserve food for leaner times.																																														
Southard's reign in control of the Institute was not entirely positive, a situation which Southard blamed on the lack of a "proper musical atmosphere" in Baltimore, Maryland.																																														
There are many types of wood used for smoking; a partial list includes: Woods with a mild flavor: Alder, apple, apricot, ash, birch, cherry, maple, peach, pear.																																														
Smoked finnan haddie is the colour of straw, newer commercial methods of drying without smoke produce a gold or yellow colour.																																														
Phacelia fimbriata,  the fringed phacelia, is a spring flowering wildflower of the genus Phacelia found in the highland woods of southeastern United States including the Great Smoky Mountains.																																														
Infused smoked salts like smoked bacon chipotle sea salt are very popular because of their dynamic flavor profiles.																																														
Kluski czarne or (black dumplings), also known as kluski polskie (Polish dumplings) or kluski żelazne (iron dumplings), are a variety of dumplings popular in Silesia.																																														
No fan is needed to circulate air within the stove because there is enough air flow through the basket itself to allow pellets to burn with a flame.																																														
The kiln allowed for uniform mass-smoking and is considered the prototype for all modern large-scale commercial smokers.																																														
Although it is composed of non-vascular parenchyma cells, it's still considered part of the vascular cylinder because it arises from the procambium as do the vascular tissues it surrounds.																																														
In some plants, such as the carrot, the taproot is a storage organ so well developed that it has been cultivated as a vegetable.																																														
The rhizosphere is the narrow region of soil or substrate that is directly influenced by root secretions and associated soil microorganisms known as the root microbiome.																																														
Azorhizobium caulinodans controls the movements of flagella, and the chemotaxis signaling path in Azorhizobium caulinodans helps with regulating biofilm formation.																																														
A. alpina A. appendicula A. bireticulata A. brasiliensis A. capsicula A. cavernata A. colliculosa A. colombiana A. colossica A. delicata A. denticulata A. dilatata A. elegans A. entreriana A. excavata A. foveata A. gedanensis A. gerdemannii A. kentinensis A. koskei A. lacunosa A. laevis A. longula A. mellea A. morrowiae A. myriocarpa A. nicolsonii A. nivalis A. paulinae A. polonica A. rehmii A. rugosa A. scrobiculata A. sieverdingii A. spinosa A. splendida A. sporocarpia A. taiwania A. terricola A. thomii A. trappei A. tuberculata A. walkeri   =																																														
Another set of experiments with Arabidopsis thaliana testing genes in the plant hormone florigen, two genes FT and TSF (which are abbreviations for Flowering Locus T, and Twin Sister of FT) when knocked out, appear to affect lateral shoot in a negative fashion.																																														
This occurs when the turgor pressure in non-lignified plant cells falls towards zero, as a result of diminished water in the cells.																																														
Expansin loosens the network-like connections between cellulose microfibrils within the cell wall, which allows the cell volume to increase by turgor and osmosis.																																														
One early assumption of their function was that they provided oxygen to the roots that grow in the low dissolved oxygen (DO) waters typical of a swamp, acting as pneumatophores: mangroves have similar adaptations.																																														
In the 1870s the lake was drained to accommodate the peat industry, giving science a chance to examine its bogs and historians and prehistorians a chance to examine the artifacts and human remains.																																														
At 438 metres (1,437 ft) above sea level the lake is highest and southernmost of the Rotorua Te Arawa lakes.																																														
In the early 1950s it was named Lake Eden by the owners of the Lake Eden Fur Farm, whose farm sat adjacent to the lake.																																														
Moberly Lake is along British Columbia Highway 29 in northern British Columbia, Canada, and named for Henry John Moberly, a fur trader who lived on the lake.																																														
The lake is nestled between two mountain ridges: Sleepy Creek Mountain (1,905 feet [581 m]) and Third Hill Mountain (2,172 feet [662 m]).																																														
At the end of the road there is a large sandy beach, a massive grassed area and the privately owned Okataina Lodge.																																														
The Swiss rock band Span published in 1982 the song "Louenesee" (Lake Lauenen in Berense German) about the lake.																																														
List of dams and reservoirs in the United States List of dams and reservoirs of the Tennessee River List of lakes List of lakes in Alabama   =																																														
Kabekona (Gabekana in the Ojibwe language) means "End of the Trail" to dissuade others from venturing to the very clear lake.																																														
The remaining lakes found in the steppe areas and in the Gobi desert are usually smaller and shallow.																																														
This region has the highest elevations in central Florida, including Sugarloaf Mountain reaching 312 feet (95 m) above sea level.																																														
University of Economics in Katowice (Uniwersytet Ekonomiczny w Katowicach) Cracow University of Economics (Uniwersytet Ekonomiczny w Krakowie) Poznań University of Economics and Business (Uniwersytet Ekonomiczny w Poznaniu) Wrocław University of Economics (Uniwersytet Ekonomiczny we Wrocławiu) Warsaw School of Economics (Szkoła Główna Handlowa, SGH)   =																																														
The game features scenarios that vary in difficulty from easy to very hard, and the game includes an editor that allows a player to create new scenarios.																																														
A version of the game was released as a tie-in to the animated television series, The Real Ghostbusters, with identical play mechanics but Ghostbusters characters and cards.																																														
In the 1980s he founded a game company Diverse Talents Inc., which imported and exported games, ran the Los Angeles game conventions, and published several magazines including Fire & Movement.																																														
Doomtrooper, also known as Doom Trooper, is an out-of-print collectible card game designed by Bryan Winter and was released in January 1995.																																														
Gomokunarabe, Renju (五目ならべ 連珠) - Nihon Bussan Hanafuda (ハナフダ) - Logitech Mahjong (マージャン) - Nihon Bussan Mastermind (マスターマインド) - Logitech Reversi (リバーシ) - Logitech Tsumeshogi (ツメショウギ) - Logitech   =																																														
If the decision to pass or play falls on the dealer, and if no player has selected to play, the dealer deals again and the dealer repeats the round.																																														
The game's design and gameplay draws inspiration from the Assault Suits series, particularly Assault Suits Valken (1992), as well as the Gradius series.																																														
At its height on the AOL server, thousands of players competed simultaneously in arenas of two to eight participants, battling in team games or free-for-alls.																																														
For each move the player chooses any one of the top (exposed) cards from a tableau pile and places it either:  on another tableau pile – on the next higher value in the same suit (for example, the 5♣ can be placed on the 6♣), or on a foundation pile – on the next lower value in the same suit (for example, the 8♣ can be placed on the 7♣).																																														
The chant was written in 1936 by Jessie Lone Clarkson Gilkey, the coach of the OU girl's glee club from 1936 to 1938.																																														
A particular extract of lemon eucalyptus oil (not the essential oil) has now been shown to be as effective as DEET in various studies.																																														
The larvae are often predators of aphids, and adult females may lay their eggs in aphid colonies to provide the larvae with a food source.																																														
The adult fly then hatch out in spring when the first swift eggs are laid, by the returning adults, and feed on the blood of the nestlings and the adults, sucking about 25 mg of blood every 5 days.																																														
The species was first described by Pieter Cramer in 1780 It is found from in Saint Lucia, Cuba, Jamaica, Florida and from Mexico to Paraguay.																																														
Adults have been found from April to September in North Carolina, suggesting the species breeds continuously and likely has three or four generations per year.																																														
In Asia, Africa, and Europe, leishmaniasis is spread by sand flies of the genus Phlebotomus; in the Americas, the disease is spread by sandflies of the genus Lutzomyia.																																														
Schröder, Oskar; Cavanaugh, Kirstin K.; Schneider, Julio V.; Schell, Tilman; Bonada, Núria; Seifert, Linda; Pauls, Steffen U. (2021).																																														
Most other midge families are bloodsuckers, but it is not possible to generalise rigidly because of the vagueness of the term "midge".																																														
The larvae feed on various grasses, such as Panicum species (including Panicum purpurascens and Panicum torridum), Sporobolus virginicus, Digitaria pruriens and Paspalum conjugatum.																																														
The most widespread species is Halocladius variabilis, known from Canada, northern Europe, and the Mediterranean and Black Seas.																																														
In 2001, he won a Daytime Emmy Award for "Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series", and was consecutively nominated in the same category in 2002.																																														
The Huwarang Bituin ng FAMAS is an award given to a motion picture actor who has shown great charisma, incredible acting prowess, exemplary social skills - off and on camera - and loyal fan following over their long-spanning career filled with memorable and award-winning performances in Philippine cinema's greatest screen classics and/or profitable releases.																																														
1946 — Angelus [Lvn] 1946 — Ang Prinsipeng Hindi Tumatawa [Lvn] 1947 — Dalawang Anino [SVS] 1947 — Multo ni Yamashita [Palaris] 1947 — Backpay [Lvn] 1947 — Anak-Pawis [Palaris] 1948 — Itanong mo sa Bulaklak [Premiere] 1948 — Callejon [Palaris] 1949 — He Promised to Return [Movietec] 1950 — His Darkest Hour [Lebran] 1950 — The Spell [Lebran] 1950 — American Guerilla in the Philippines [20th Century Fox] 1951 — Sigfredo [Lebran] 1951 — Rosario Cantada [Royal] 1951 — Apoy na Ginatungan [Royal] 1951 — Isinanlang Pag-ibig [Benito Bros] 1951 — Romeo at Julieta [Lebran] 1953 — May Isang Tsuper ng Taxi [Lebran] 1953 — Walang Hanggan [Lebran]   =																																														
The jurors were limited to feature-length (at least 60 minutes), narrative, English-language films with significant financial and/or creative backing from the United States.																																														
Irene Roberts (24 September 1908 – 6 February 1996) better known by her professional name Renee Roberts was an English actress who is best remembered for her portrayal of Miss Ursula Gatsby in Fawlty Towers in both series in 1975 and 1979.																																														
Winner  1965 - Best Actor for Eid Mubarak 1966 - Best Actor for Armaan 1966 - Best Producer for Armaan 1969 - Best Actor for Andleeb 1974 - Best Actor for Phool Mere Gulshan Ka   =																																														
Mirage, in comic, may refer to:  Danielle Moonstar, an X-Men superheroine who sometimes uses the codename Mirage Mirage (DC Comics), the Batman minor supervillain Mike and the Teen Titan superheroine Miriam Delgado Mirage (Marvel Comics), the Spider-Man supervillain Desmond Charne Mirage (Image Comics), a Haunt supporting character and secret agent Mirage Studios   =																																														
Darsheel Safary became the youngest Best Actor nominee in the history of Filmfare at the age of 11 for Taare Zameen Par (2008).																																														
Carlos José Sánchez Jaramillo (1935 – December 29, 2018) was a Colombian actor who portrayed Juan Valdez for over thirty years, from 1969 to 2006.																																														
After starring in the 2001 films A Knight's Tale and Monster's Ball, Ledger was cast as the title character in the 2003 biographical film Ned Kelly for which he received his second AFI and Film Critics Circle award nominations.																																														
2008 Genie Award for Best Achievement in Costume Design - Shake Hands with the Devil - Nominee 1992 Gemini Award for Best Costume Design - Battle of the Bulge - Nominated   =																																														
The second creation was in 1348, for John Hussey, but he had no legal heirs and the title became extinct on his death in 1361.																																														
The second holder of the first creation was elevated to the peerage in 1796 and the first baronet of the second creation in 1846.																																														
The Fünfseenland is the name for an area in Upper Bavaria between, and including, the Ammersee and Starnberger See, which contains the remainder of the great glacial lakes of the area (Pilsensee, Wörthsee and the Weßlinger See).																																														
The Israeli city of Haifa is divided into nine quarters, which are subdivided into subquaters, which are further divided into neighborhoods.																																														
The title is taken from the Navajo creation story about the last of five existing worlds, our own, which is called the glittering world.																																														
The Imagine series of games allows players to take on the role of various occupations, such as a fashion designer, rock star, movie star or teacher.																																														
There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname Gage, both in the Baronetage of England.																																														
Permanent Observer of the Holy See to the United Nations (UN headquarters; New York) Holy See and the United Nations Multilateral foreign policy of the Holy See Foreign relations of the Holy See   =																																														
Licuala acutifida is the source of cane for the walking stick nicknamed the Penang-lawyer by colonials, probably from the Malay phrase pinang liyar for a wild areca, although the term may also refer to the use of these canes as deadly knobkerries to assassinate litigious enemies.																																														
Jezioro Długie Lang - See Jezioro Kortowskie Kort - See Jezioro Skanda Skanda - See Jezioro Sukiel Suckel - See Jezioro Track Trautziger - See Jezioro Ukiel/Krzywe Okull - See Jezioro Wadąg Wadang - See Rzeka Łyna Alle - Fluß Rzeka Wadąg Wadang - Fluß   =																																														
Its sources are located in the Sierra Madre range, on the border of the departments El Quiché, Sololá, and Chimaltenango.																																														
Soon after dropping over the falls, the creek flows under Wells Creek FSR, and is joined by its only officially named tributary, Bar Creek, which at the confluence is actually bigger than Wells Creek itself.																																														
In Mato Grosso the river forms the eastern boundary of the northern half of the 164,224 hectares (405,810 acres) Guariba-Roosevelt Extractive Reserve, a sustainable use unit created in 1996.																																														
The river flows south, paralleled by the Dicey Mill Trail, out of the mountains into the communities of Ferncroft, in the southwest corner of the town of Albany, and Wonalancet, in the northwest corner of the town of Tamworth.																																														
The river falls 318 metres (1,043 ft) in its journey to Krøderen, which is 132 metres (433 ft) above sea-level.																																														
It flows eastwards through a relatively open and somewhat boggy landscape, and flows into the Sosva some 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Krasnoturyinsk.																																														
The river is impounded by the Manso Dam in Rosário Oeste, Mato Grosso, creating a 427 square kilometres (165 sq mi) reservoir to power a 92 MW hydroelectric power plant.																																														
The Imperial Japanese had a supply dump located at the mouth of the Mambare River during World War II.																																														
Braided rivers, which form in (tectonically active) areas that have a larger sedimentary load than the discharge of the river and a high gradient.																																														
The river passes through the small town of Waipara on its 45-kilometre (28 mi) southeastward journey to the Pacific Ocean at the northern end of Pegasus Bay near Amberley.																																														
Ibitzgraben, Ibitzbach, and Roter Brückengraben are ditches connecting the Trebel and Peene rivers near their confluence.																																														
The couple produced four children, two of them sons, and one of whom followed his father into the navy.																																														
MS Scandinavia may refer to the following ships:  MS Scandinavia (1979), launched in 1979 and served under this name until 1982 when she was renamed Tzarevetz MS Scandinavia (1981), a cruiseferry launched in 1981, renamed Stardancer in 1985,  Viking Serenade in 1990 and converted to a cruise ship in 1991.																																														
As a member of Blue Squadron, Rear Division under the command of Vice-Admiral Sir Edward Spraggw, she was at the Battle of Oxfordness from 25 to 6 July 1666.																																														
While the schooners slipped down the river to wait, Cushing and five of his men remained to fight it out.																																														
Some of the Tunisian ships names were given as Madaleyne 24, Perle (French), Comte Maurice 50, Faulcon (Portuguese), as well as 1 700-ton ship and 1 500-ton ship of 31 guns.																																														
Her backers had provisioned her for a three-month cruise first off the Azores, Madeira and the Cape Verde Islands, and then off Cayenne and Bermuda.																																														
In 1952, she was present in Indochina to support the First Indochina War by transporting troops and repairing launching crafts.																																														
She was present at the Battle of Cape St Vincent on 14 February 1797, when she was boarded by a number of British sailors from HMS Captain led by Horatio Nelson.																																														
He commanded the victorious British forces at the Battle of Laswari, which took place on 1 November 1803 near Laswari village, Alwar, during the Second Anglo-Maratha War.																																														
In the remaining years of the war a few smaller ships were commissioned to interdict smuggling between the Connecticut shore and Tory-controlled Long Island.																																														
She was captured at Toulon by the Anglo-Spanish forces in August 1793, and was burnt there on 18 December 1793 during the evacuation of the port.																																														
According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Melur had a population of 290,985 with 146,499 males and 144,486 females.																																														
According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Dharapuram had a population of 282,889 with 140,874  males and 142,015 females.																																														
Kodamthuruthu LP school Kodamthuruthu VV Higher Secondary School Chammanadu ECEK Union School Government Upper Primary School Changaram St.Antony's Government Lower Primary School, Ezhupunna South   =																																														
She started writing in the 1970s Marathi short stories and one-act plays, some of which pertain to the contemporary change in the role of women in Marathi-speaking (and Indian) society, economic and intellectual freedom of women, and assertion of women's rights.																																														
She is a core member of the National Alliance of Women's Organisations (NAWO) and a leader of the Opposition (for the Democratic Party) in the NAWO's Indian Women's Parliament.																																														
The R0 is particularly relevant where sex ratios at birth are significantly affected by the use of reproductive technologies, or where life expectancy is low.																																														
According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Vedaranyam had a population of 215,653 with 107,007 males and 108,646 females.																																														
According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Dindigul had a population of 643,212 with 320,984 males and 322,228 females.																																														
According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Katpadi had a population of 387,922 with 193,853 males and 194,069 females.																																														
Its first editor was Gina Krog, who edited the magazine from 1887 until her death in 1916.																																														
In some systems, stored procedures can be used to control transaction management; in others, stored procedures run inside a transaction such that transactions are effectively transparent to them.																																														
To create a Federated table, one has to specify a URL in the "CONNECTION" string:  The connection URL is in the format of:  scheme://user:pass@host:port/schema/tablename  Upon creation of a Federated table, the user must ensure that the remote data source does indeed exist or an error will be issued.																																														
The column headers of Table 4 are now deleted to get Table 5:  The Cayley table of the binary operation  '                         ⋆                 {\displaystyle \star }    ' corresponding to the element c is given by Table 6.																																														
In the design of DBMS, the identity map pattern is a database access design pattern used to improve performance by providing a context-specific, in-memory cache to prevent duplicate retrieval of the same object data from the database.																																														
First normal form eliminates nested relations by turning them into separate "top-level" relations associated with the parent row through foreign keys rather than through direct containment.																																														
5 was released, providing features such as dynamic memory allocation, an EJB container, support for XML, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and LDAP.																																														
A database catalog of a database instance consists of metadata in which definitions of database objects such as base tables, views (virtual tables), synonyms, value ranges, indexes, users, and user groups are stored.																																														
In Proceedings of the 2007 ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Partial Evaluation and Semantics-based Program Manipulation (PEPM), page 91, ACM Press, 2007.																																														
In an address book application, an additional table would be added to the ones above to hold zero or more addresses for each customer.																																														
Polyinstantiation in computer science is the concept of type (class, database row or otherwise) being instantiated into multiple independent instances (objects, copies).																																														
Frameworks which employ this method will typically have an analogue for a tuple, usually as a "row" in a "dataset" component or as a generic "entity instance" class, as well as an analogue for a relation.																																														
Protein Z-dependent protease inhibitor (ZPI) is a protein circulating in the blood which inhibits factors Xa and XIa of the coagulation cascade.																																														
The difference between zymogens and the activated enzymes lies in the fact that the active site for catalysis of the zymogens is distorted.																																														
14) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction  ATP + 2,3-dihydroxybenzoate + L-serine                         ⇌                 {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons }    products of ATP breakdown + N-(2,3-dihydroxybenzoyl)-L-serineThe 3 substrates of this enzyme are ATP, 2,3-dihydroxybenzoate, and L-serine, whereas its two products are products of ATP breakdown and N-(2,3-dihydroxybenzoyl)-L-serine.																																														
Calcium ions induce conformational changes in the Gla domain and are necessary for the Gla domain to fold properly.																																														
234) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction  (2S)-flavan-4-ol + NADP+                         ⇌                 {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons }    (2S)-flavanone + NADPH + H+Thus, the two substrates of this enzyme are (2S)-flavan-4-ol and NADP+, whereas its 3 products are (2S)-flavanone, NADPH, and H+.																																														
The product of this gene is one of four proteins (cofactors A, D, E, and C) involved in the pathway leading to correctly folded beta-tubulin from folding intermediates.																																														
An enhancement of the ECT is the ecarin chromogenic assay (ECA) in which diluted sample is mixed with an excess of purified prothrombin and the generated meizothrombin is measured with a specific chromogenic substrate.																																														
Inhibitors of coagulation: Inactivate an enormous variety of proteinases α2-macroglobulin α1-antitrypsin Antithrombin III Protein S Protein C Fibrinolysis: Breakdown of fibrin clots Plasminogen Inhibitors of fibrinolysis α2-antiplasmin Complement components C1-9, complement component 3 (C3)    =																																														
As of late 2007, 21 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes 1I01, 1O5I, 1Q7B, 1Q7C, 1ULS, 1UZL, 1UZM, 1UZN, 2A4K, 2B4Q, 2C07, 2FR0, 2FR1, 2NM0, 2NTN, 2P68, 2PFF, 2PH3, 2PNF, 2UVD, and 2Z5L.																																														
SMPI thus provides another example of a single-domain protein structure that corresponds to the ancestral fold from which the two-domain proteins in the beta gamma-crystallin superfamily are believed to have evolved.																																														
19) catalyzes the reaction  D-glucurono-6,2-lactone + H2O                         ⇌                 {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons }    D-glucuronateThis enzyme belongs to the family of hydrolases, specifically those acting on carboxylic ester bonds.																																														
When quoting a TDLo, the particular species and method of administration (e.g. ingested, inhaled, intravenous) are typically stated.																																														
Regulating agencies may require that packaging of the agent be labeled with a signal word, a specific warning label to indicate the level of toxicity.																																														
DMMDA-2 is a psychedelic phenethylamine discussed by Alexander Shulgin in his book PiHKAL (Phenethylamines i Have Known And Loved); however, he was not the first to synthesize it.																																														
Since toxicity need not be lethal, the TD50 is generally lower than the median lethal dose (LD50), and the latter can be considered an upper bound for the former.																																														
UN numbers from UN3001 to UN3100 as assigned by the United Nations Committee of Experts on the Transport of Dangerous Goods are as follows:   =																																														
The Dangerous Preparations Directive is a European Union directive in the field of occupational safety and health and consumer protection.																																														
The following is a list of types of poison by intended use:  Biocide –  a chemical substance capable of killing living organisms, usually in a selective way Fungicide – a chemical compound or biological organism used to kill or inhibit fungi or fungal spores Microbicide – any compound or substance whose purpose is to reduce the infectivity of microbes Germicide – a disinfectant Bactericide – a substance that kills bacteria Viricide – a chemical agent which "kills" viruses outside the body Herbicide – a substance used to kill  unwanted plants Parasiticide – any substance used to kill parasites Pesticide – a substance or mixture of substances used to kill a pest Acaricide – pesticides that kill mites Insecticide – a pesticide used against insects Molluscicide – pesticides against molluscs Nematocide – a type of chemical pesticide used to kill parasitic nematodes (roundworms) Rodenticide – a category of pest control chemicals intended to kill rodents Spermicide – a substance that kills sperm   =																																														
Generally the effects of different doses can be very different at different levels (not only bigger and smaller impacts depending on dose).																																														
Glycosides (abacopterins A, B, C and D together with triphyllin A and 6,8-dimethyl-7-hydroxy-4‘-methoxyanthocyanidin-5-O-β-d-glucopyranoside) can be isolated from a methanol extract of the rhizomes of Abacopteris penangiana.																																														
The compounds do not have to be poisons but could be medications as well, which is why children's dosages are almost always less than those of an adult, and the overdose danger higher for children.																																														
The European Court of Justice had ruled in 1985 that Dangerous Substances Directive (67/548/EEC) applies only to pure substances, not preparations (mixtures of substances).																																														
An optional Hebrew opening format was offered for the first time and Friday night service variations were included, all reflecting a greater acceptance of traditional forms of Jewish worship that had been eliminated in the UPB.																																														
Absalom E. Earle, he was the foremost Baptist advocate for the experience of Christian Perfection or Entire Sanctification in 19th century America.																																														
Prayer is one of the central teachings of the church, and adherents believe that they are commanded to pray often.																																														
Along with his own disciple Nichijin (日陣) he is considered the founder of the Hokkeshū Jinmon Ryū subsect of Nichiren Buddhism.																																														
Al-Ghāshiyah (Arabic: الغاشية, “The Overwhelming”, “The Pall”) is the 88th chapter (surah) of the Qur'an, with 26 ayat or verses.																																														
Rudolf Simek theorizes that the name Svipul presumably refers to the changeable nature of fate, whose directors the valkyries are represented as being, especially in Darraðarljóð.																																														
The opening pronoun is plural, which France notes indicates that the prayer was likely intended for communal worship, rather than private repetition.																																														
According to biographies, he first ordained as a priest of the Tendai sect at the age of fourteen, and entered Enryaku-ji temple in 1183.																																														
The specific prayer Modeh Ani, however, is not mentioned in the Talmud or Shulchan Aruch, and first appears in the work Seder haYom by the 16th century rabbi Moshe ben Machir.																																														
Haberkasten was also a Kabbalist and was known to have made the acquaintance of the great Kabbalists in the Holy Land, including Rabbi Chaim Vital.																																														
Rang means the God, "Nuwk" means pray and "Hum" means a small house that contain a picture of the God Rangfrah.																																														
Carriers' Dock (or North Carriers' Dock) was a dock on the River Mersey, England, and part of the Port of Liverpool.																																														
George E. Badger was operated by Grace Line under charter with the Maritime Commission and War Shipping Administration.																																														
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and for the safety of passengers, all international flights of the airline have been cancelled since March 2020.																																														
- built as Victory ship (transport/freighter) USNS Richfield (T-AGM-4),  1960–1968 - built as Victory ship (transport/freighter) USNS Sunnyvale (T-AGM-5),  1960–1974 - built as Victory ship (transport/freighter) USNS Watertown (T-AGM-6),  1960–1972 - built as Victory ship (transport/freighter) USNS Huntsville (T-AGM-7),  1960–1974 - built as Victory ship (transport/freighter) USNS Wheeling (T-AGM-8),  1962–1990 - built as Victory ship (transport/freighter) USNS General H. H. Arnold (T-AGM-9),  1961–1982 - built as C4 class troop ship USNS General Hoyt S. Vandenberg (T-AGM-10),  1963–1983 - built as C4 class troop ship USNS Twin Falls (T-AGM-11),  1964–1972 - built as Victory ship (transport/freighter) USNS American Mariner (T-AGM-12),  1959–1966 - built as Liberty ship (transport/freighter), US Coast Guard training ship USNS Sword Knot (T-AGM-13),  1950s–1982 - C1-M cargo ship built for US Maritime Commission USNS Rose Knot (T-AGM-14),  1950s–1969 - C1-M cargo ship built for US Maritime Commission USNS Coastal Sentry (T-AGM-15), 1950s–1972 - C1-M cargo ship built for US Maritime Commission USNS Coastal Crusader (T-AGM-16),  late 1950s–1976 - C1-M cargo ship built for US Maritime Commission USNS Timber Hitch (T-AGM-17),  1964–1969 - C1-M cargo ship built for US Maritime Commission USNS Sampan Hitch (T-AGM-18),  1964–1973 - C1-M cargo ship built for US Maritime Commission USNS Vanguard (T-AGM-19),  1964–1999 - built as Type T2-SE-A2 tanker USNS Redstone (T-AGM-20),  1964–1993 - built as Type T2-SE-A2 tanker USNS Mercury (T‑AGM‑21),  1964–1974?																																														
The ship was named after the Star of Oregon, the first sailing ship built by American settlers in what is now the state of Oregon.																																														
The result was a victory for the Christian People's Party, which won 56 of the 212 seats in the Chamber of Representatives and 28 of the 106 seats in the Senate.																																														
USNS Watson (T-AKR-310) USNS Sisler (T-AKR-311) USNS Dahl (T-AKR-312) USNS Red Cloud (T-AKR-313) USNS Charlton (T-AKR-314) USNS Watkins (T-AKR-315) USNS Pomeroy (T-AKR-316) USNS Soderman (T-AKR-317)   =																																														
The group  operates a fleet of supramax dry cargo vessels, handysize bulk carriers,  shuttle tankers,  barges,  heavy weight crane vessels and  tug boats.																																														
She was renamed Mormactern in 1940 and acquired by the US Navy in 1941 as a cargo ship and renamed USS Mercury.																																														
It has been suggested the name originates from "overlooping" of the cables, or alternatively, that the name is a corruption of "overlap", referring to an overlapping, balcony-like half deck occupying a portion of the ship's lowest deck space.																																														
Issikiopteryx aurolaxa (Wu & Liu, 1993) Issikiopteryx chinanensis Park, 2003 Issikiopteryx corona (C.S. Wu & Y.Q. Liu, 1993) Issikiopteryx corythista (Meyrick, 1918) Issikiopteryx fornicata (C.S. Wu & Y.Q. Liu, 1993) Issikiopteryx japonica Moriuti, 1973 Issikiopteryx nigeriflava Liu & Wang, 2013 Issikiopteryx obtusanglua Fan & Li, 2008 Issikiopteryx ophrysa (Wu & Liu, 1993) Issikiopteryx parelongata Liu & Wang, 2013 Issikiopteryx rotundiconcava Fan & Li, 2008 Issikiopteryx sphaeristis (Meyrick, 1908) Issikiopteryx suiyangensis Liu & Wang, 2013 Issikiopteryx taipingensis Park, 2003 Issikiopteryx trichacera (Wu & Liu, 1993) Issikiopteryx valvispinata Fan & Li, 2008 Issikiopteryx zonophaera (Meyrick, 1935)   =																																														
For the most part, the cilia that also line the cavity work to move the mucus down the nasal cavity to the pharynx where it can be swallowed.																																														
The closer the mucus is to being in the nasal vestibule and near the nostril opening, the more moisture it loses to the outside air, and the more likely it is to dry out and become stuck.																																														
The mucous membranes in the nasal cavity constantly produce a wet mucus that lines the cavity and removes dust and pathogens from the air flowing through.																																														
As mucus filters airborne contaminants, eating it could be thought to be unhealthy; Gates comments that "our body has been built to consume snot", because  the nasal mucus is normally swallowed after being moved inside by the motion of the cilia.																																														
Friedrich Bischinger, a lung specialist at Privatklinik Hochrum in Innsbruck, says that nose-picking and eating could actually be beneficial for the immune system.																																														
Stefan Gates in his book Gastronaut discusses eating dried nasal mucus, and says that 44% of people he questioned said they had eaten their own dried nasal mucus in adulthood and said they liked it.																																														
Dried nasal mucus, colloquially known as a boogie, booger, bogey, snot, or bogie in British English is dried colloidal mucus found in the human nose.																																														
Subsequently, the heart is isolated from the rest of the blood circulation by means of an occlusive cross-clamp placed on the ascending aorta proximal to the innominate artery.																																														
After birth, the introduction of air into the lungs causes the pressure in the pulmonary circulatory system to drop.																																														
The compromised load caused by atrial fibrillation detracts from the overall performance of the heart, but the ventricles continue to work as an effective pump.																																														
These specialized muscle fibers in the heart were named after the Swiss cardiologist Wilhelm His Jr., who discovered them in 1893.																																														
The myogenic mechanism showed 'descending' resistance changes, starting in the larger arteries, and successively affecting downstream preglomerular vessels at increasing arterial pressures.																																														
This article incorporates text in the public domain from page 509 of the 20th edition of Gray's Anatomy (1918)   =																																														
Thus, the positive chronotropic (from Χρόνος, Greek for 'time', and τρέπειν, Greek for 'to bend/turn') response of the heart to stretch must, in part, at least, be caused and accomplished by mechanisms located within the SAN.																																														
Likewise, when the sodium channels are in a state of greater activation, then the influx of sodium ions that allows the membrane to reach threshold potential occurs more readily.																																														
in diameter and is surrounded by a fibrous ring, covered by the lining membrane of the heart; it is considerably larger than the corresponding aperture on the left side, being sufficient to admit the ends of four fingers.																																														
For example: in DORV with a subaortic VSD, blood from the LV flows through the VSD to the aorta and blood from the RV flows mainly to the pulmonary artery, yielding physiology similar to ventricular septal defect in DORV with a subpulmonic VSD (called Taussig-Bing syndrome), blood from the LV flows through the VSD to the pulmonary artery and blood from the RV flows mainly to the aorta, yielding physiology similar to Transposition of the Great Arteries but if there is pulmonic stenosis in addition, physiology resembles Tetralogy of Fallot in other forms of DORV, blood from both ventricles is substantially mixed in the RV, yielding physiology that resembles a large VSD but again, if there is pulmonic stenosis, physiology resembles Tetralogy of Fallot   =																																														
MIDCAB is a form of off-pump coronary artery bypass surgery (OPCAB), performed "off-pump" – without the use of cardiopulmonary bypass (the heart-lung machine).																																														
In contrast, the Aetolian League strengthened its position in mainland Greece and for about a century the League controlled Delphi.																																														
Because of this, Montenegro declared war on 18 June 1876 (30 June), immediately followed by its foremost ally, the Principality of Serbia.																																														
Seeing the tough resistance, Mehmed Reshid Pasha declared an amnesty and invited all the leaders to meet him in Zhulat village.																																														
Jahrhundert  (The Received History of the Saga of the Founding of Treves from the 11th to the 16th Century) Wolfgang Binsfeld (1984) Die Gründungslegende.																																														
After that, members from this family often appeared as influential contenders or puppet rulers under powerful amirs and noyans in the Northern Yuan dynasty (rump state of the Yuan dynasty) and Transoxiana in the 14th and 15th centuries.																																														
Originally in Byzantine service, he rebelled and seized Smyrna, much of the Aegean coastlands of Asia Minor and the islands lying off shore in 1088–91.																																														
Selim carried on his victorious campaign against the Mamlukes and conquered Egypt in 1517 following the Battle of Ridanieh, bringing an end to the Mamluk Sultanate.																																														
The Temple at Musasir appears in an Assyrian bas-relief which adorned the palace of King Sargon II at Khorsabad, to commemorate his victory over "the seven kings of Urartu" in 714 BC.																																														
Along with the despotes John Palaiologos, he led a Byzantine army against John I Doukas of Thessaly, but was defeated and killed in the Battle of Neopatras (variously dated to 1273–1275).																																														
After various vicissitudes, it was an important stronghold of the Austrian Empire in the Kingdom of Lombardy–Venetia, being captured by Italian troops during the Third Italian Independence War in 1866.																																														
Sittas, with a thousand men, occupied the hills around the city, while the bulk of the Byzantine army remained with Dorotheus inside the walls.																																														
It is estimated that there are 4000 bodies in the graves, with many of them being members of the 392nd (Croatian) Infantry Division (Wehrmacht).																																														
The learnèd among them confess the absurdity of this doctrine; but the practice still continues, in compliance to the vulgar.																																														
Solid wood and particle board (chipboard) coffins with hardwood veneers account for 10–15% of sales, and fibreglass and alternative materials such as woven fiber make up the rest.																																														
Valley of the Kings (Modern: "Wadi el-Muluk") Valley of the Queens (Modern: "Biban el-Harim") Royal Cache Bab el-Gasus   =																																														
So Kon Po (Chinese: 掃桿埔) is an area of Hong Kong Island located south of Causeway Bay and Victoria Park in Hong Kong.																																														
There are some parallels with mortuary houses although the two are the products of different cultural practices and traditions regarding the treatment of the dead.																																														
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle records that he died at Sudbury, Suffolk and his body was carried back to Dunwich for burial.																																														
The Portuguese Tomb of the Unknown Soldier (pt: Túmulo do Soldado Desconhecido) is located in the Sala do Capitulo at the Monastery of Batalha, near Leiria.																																														
Wafa Palestine News Agency reports that after the 1967 Six-Day War, the village shrines became a religious destination for Jews, with visits increasingly taking a political and Judaizing character.																																														
Platonic solids - regular polyhedra (all faces of the same type)  Archimedean solids - polyhedra with more than one polygon face type.																																														
A Johnson solid is one of 92 strictly convex polyhedra that is composed of regular polygon faces but are not uniform polyhedra (that is, they are not Platonic solids, Archimedean solids, prisms, or antiprisms).																																														
The great disdyakis dodecahedron is topologically identical to the convex Catalan solid, disdyakis dodecahedron, which is dual to the truncated cuboctahedron.																																														
The compound of small stellated dodecahedron and great dodecahedron is a polyhedron compound where the great dodecahedron is internal to its dual, the small stellated dodecahedron.																																														
She was the first consort of Anu, and the pair were the parents of the Anunnaki and the Utukki.																																														
Cutting is the separation or opening of a physical object, into two or more portions, through the application of an acutely directed force.																																														
However, any sufficiently sharp object is capable of cutting if it has a hardness sufficiently larger than the object being cut, and if it is applied with sufficient force.																																														
A focus-plus-context screen is a specialized type of display device that consists of one or more high-resolution "focus" displays embedded into a larger low-resolution "context" display.																																														
Cost is the biggest criticism; until fairly recently, the 10–22 cost as much as many L-series lenses, but is only usable on APS-C cameras, and thus is questionable as a long-term investment.																																														
Absorption in the lens is still a challenge, however, and lenses are usually made from low-atomic-number materials such as aluminium, beryllium, or lithium.																																														
An internal focus lens (sometimes known as  IF) is a photographic lens design in which focus is shifted by moving the inner lens group or groups only, without any rotation or shifting of the front lens element.																																														
One special application is to determine the focal length of a diverging lens: a light source is placed at twice the focal length of a converging lens on one side and a screen at the same distance on the other side so that the image of the light source is the sharpest possible.																																														
Laser speckle also known as eye testing using speckle can be employed as a method for conducting a very sensitive eye test.																																														
The conus papillaris is a feature of the reptilian eye which originates from the ventro-temporal optic nerve head and rises into the vitreous.																																														
Binoviewers are a standard component of laboratory microscopes and are also used with optical telescopes, particularly in amateur astronomy.																																														
However, the Nikkor AF 70-210 f/4 variant is a two-touch system (dedicated focus and zoom rings), compared to the rest of the lens range, which utilizes a one-touch (push-pull) system for focusing and zooming.																																														
6 IS USM, which is midway between the 18–55mm and 17–55mm in some respects – depending on which version of the 18–55 one is comparing – and boasts a longer telephoto end; and the newer EF-S 15–85mm f/3.																																														
A tripod is generally required when using this lens, but handheld photography with this lens can produce images with good focus when a flash is used.																																														
Irrespective of whether sociology of law is defined as a sub-discipline of sociology, an approach within legal studies or a field of research in its own right, it remains intellectually dependent mainly on the traditions, methods and theories of mainstream sociology and, to a lesser extent, on other social sciences such as social anthropology, political science, social policy, criminology, psychology, and geography.																																														
He is a member of the European Group on an Integrated Contract Law, the Economic Impact Group of the Common Principles of European Contract Law, and past president of the European Association of Law and Economics (2001-2004).																																														
Until Medieval times the Early Germanic Law, derived from the Salic Law of the Salian Franks and other tribes, was common.																																														
Dolphin obtained an injunction against secondary picketing on their premises on the basis that the common law does not permit secondary picketing.																																														
He ruled further that even if he accepted the argument that the speech code only restricted fighting words, it was still illegal using the Leonard Law and R. A. V. v. City of St. Paul as the code restricted speech based on content.																																														
In contrast with soft law, hard law gives States and international actors actual binding responsibilities as well as rights.																																														
The term was used on and off in later Roman history until falling out of use during the late Byzantine period.																																														
This field has roots in two developments in the intellectual history of law—first, the growing doubt about whether law in isolation is a source of value and meaning, or whether it must be plugged into a large cultural or philosophical or social-science context to give it value and meaning; and, second, the growing focus on the mutability of meaning in all texts, whether literary or legal.																																														
Over time, those distinctions tended to break down, and individuals would choose to bring their legal claims under the system that they thought would offer them the best advantage.																																														
In a procedure between the autonomous parliament and the national parliament the Statute of Autonomy exists, which is the fundamental law for the Autonomous Communities.																																														
The argument of such a party was, however, based on a basic assertion that discussing this issue is but a sheer legal act as the core and crux of this matter is represented in interpreting the laws which were appealed against as unconstitutional, a matter of a legal nature in the first place.																																														
Although it has a large number of identifiably Cushitic roots, the non-Cushitic numerals itame 'one' and beʼa ~ mbɛa 'two' suggest a connection with Hadza, while haka 'four' suggests a connection with Sandawe.																																														
As is common in Chadic languages, the principal vowel is the low central vowel /a/; where there is no underlying V-slot, an epenthetic ‘zero vowel’ is inserted.																																														
The lexicon was originally intended to be published in only two volumes, but the amount of material ended up necessitating a third.																																														
National Integrated Medical Association (NIMA) Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) Packard Foundation Planned Parenthood Federation of America, University of Rochester, United States Japan Trust Fund UNFPA West Wind Foundation Ford Foundation Government of India State AIDS Cell Family Health International (FHI) Centre for Operations Research and Training (CORT) Humanas Avert Society   =																																														
A second interest has been to apply the methods of historical reconstruction from linguistic evidence to issues in anthropological theory and in world history.																																														
The languages are as follows, Rai Coast Pulabu Evapia–Kabenau Evapia River Kow Kesawai, Sausi Kolom (Migum), Siroi West Kabenau River: Arawum–Lemio, Dumpu Brahman – Peka River Brahman: Biyom, Tauya Peka River North: Sumau, Sop (Usino) South: Danaru, Kobuga (=																																														
These ideas are described in textbook form in Gagen (1976, p. 43), Huppert & Blackburn (1982, Chapter X. 15), Gorenstein, Lyons & Solomon (1996, p. 110, Chapter F.19), and Kurzweil & Stellmacher (2004, Chapter 10.																																														
In 1982, there were about 20,000 speakers of Sarikoli in the Sarikol Valley located in the Tashkurgan Tajik Autonomous County in Xinjiang Province, China.																																														
The work represents a major step in Indo-European studies, after Franz Bopp's Comparative Grammar of 1833 and August Schleicher's Compendium of 1871.																																														
Paul Sidwell (2015) suggests that the Palaungic Urheimat (homeland) was in what is now the border region of Laos and Sipsongpanna in Yunnan, China.																																														
He studied Oriental philology at Jena, Tübingen, Leipzig, and Munich; in 1876 he became professor of Iranian languages at Leipzig, and in 1877 professor of comparative philology at Strasbourg.																																														
It is lodged within the bony labyrinth in the inner ear and has the same general form; it is, however, considerably smaller and is partly separated from the bony walls by a quantity of fluid, the perilymph.																																														
Myringoplasty should not be performed if there is active discharge from the middle ear, or if the patient has uncontrolled nasal allergy, or when the other ear is dead and in children less than 3 years of age.																																														
The saccule and utricle detect different motions, which information the brain receives and integrates to determine where the head is and how and where it is moving.																																														
Ho–Kaufman–Mcalister syndrome is a rare congenital malformation syndrome where infants are born with a cleft palate, micrognathia, Wormian bones, congenital heart disease, dislocated hips, bowed fibulae, preaxial polydactyly of the feet, abnormal skin patterns, and most prominently, missing tibia.																																														
The walls of the membranous labyrinth are lined with distributions of the cochlear nerve, one of the two branches of the vestibulocochlear nerve.																																														
Approximately one out of one thousand children suffer some type of congenital deafness related to the development of the inner ear.																																														
Crandall syndrome is a very rare congenital disorder characterised by progressive sensorineural hearing loss, hair loss associated with pili torti, and hypogonadism demonstrated through low levels of luteinising hormone and growth hormone.																																														
Withdrawal from drugs such as benzodiazepines had been known to cause tonic tensor tympani syndrome (TTTS) during withdrawal.																																														
Baston, Robert J.; Eastwood, Michael G. (2016) [1989], The Penrose Transform: its Interaction with Representation Theory, Dover, ISBN 9780486816623 Fulton, William; Harris, Joe (1991).																																														
Two common treatments are stapedectomy, the surgical removal of the stapes and replacement with an artificial prosthesis, and stapedotomy, the creation of a small hole in the base of the stapes followed by the insertion of an artificial prosthesis into that hole.																																														
The Rinne test is performed by placing a 512 Hz vibrating tuning fork against the patient's mastoid bone and asking the patient to tell you when the sound is no longer heard.																																														
The blood vessels are the components of the circulatory system that transport blood throughout the human body.																																														
The body's range of defense against all of these active oxidizing agents is hardly surprising, then, given their "deliberate" employment as antimicrobial agents in the immune response.																																														
Serum includes all proteins not used in blood clotting; all electrolytes, antibodies, antigens, hormones; and any exogenous substances (e.g., drugs or microorganisms).																																														
80\ {\frac {\mathrm {fL} }{\mathrm {cell} }}}   Note: the shortcut proposed above just makes the units work out:                         10         ×         40         ÷         5         =																																														
One of the more invasive species of this order is the "stalked (or leathery or solitary) sea squirt" Styela clava .																																														
They have normal central pallor with the hemoglobin appearing concentrated at the ends of the elongated cells when viewed through a light microscope.																																														
In medicine, pleocytosis (or pleiocytosis) is an increased cell count (from Greek pleion, "more"), particularly an increase in white blood cell count, in a bodily fluid, such as cerebrospinal fluid.																																														
They are mostly observed in diseases such as Myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS), sideroblastic anemia, hemolytic anemia, lead poisoning and sickle cell disease.																																														
For example, inadequate ventilation, a respiratory problem, causes a buildup of CO2, hence respiratory acidosis; the kidneys then attempt to compensate for the low pH by raising blood bicarbonate.																																														
Other names in common use include alkane 1-hydroxylase, omega-hydroxylase, fatty acid omega-hydroxylase, alkane monooxygenase, 1-hydroxylase, AlkB, and alkane hydroxylase.																																														
Since agglutination is not linked to infectivity, attenuated viruses can therefore be used in assays while an additional assay such as a plaque assay must be used to determine infectivity.																																														
(An erroneous 2009 record from Choke Canyon State Park in southern Texas was later shown to be a misidentified Least Flycatcher.																																														
In 1871, he described a skull fragment found in an Austrian coal mine in 1859 by colleagues Ferdinand Stoliczka and Eduard Suess as the type specimen for the dinosaur genus Struthiosaurus, the first discovered in the region.																																														
A second species, H. gainensis, was discovered from the Haman Formation, but is now considered a bipedal crocodylomorph track reassigned to as Batrachopus cf.																																														
Also in 1871, he named the crocodylomorph Crocodilus carcharidens (now Doratodon), the pterosaur "Ornithocheirus" buenzeli and the theropod dinosaur Megalosaurus schnaitheimi, now believed to have been based upon remains referable to the metriorhynchid crocodylomorph Dakosaurus maximus.																																														
This includes the study of body fossils, tracks (ichnites), burrows, cast-off parts, fossilised feces (coprolites), palynomorphs and chemical residues.																																														
This specimen was described by Zheng and colleagues in 2009, who noted definite similarities between the filaments of Tianyulong and coelurosaurian theropods, supporting the idea that all such structures were homologous with modern feathers, and pushing the origin of feathers back to the origin of dinosaurs or earlier.																																														
A vagrant bird found in the Santa Rita Mountains, Arizona, in late May 2016 is the first record north of Mexico.																																														
Protopteryx teeth were conical and unserrated, and some teeth had a resorption pit similar to those seen in Archaeopteryx.																																														
Pin feathers are sensitive, and some pet birds do not enjoy being handled while moulting for this reason.																																														
However, while long legs normally indicate a fast runner, the legs and even feet and toes of Anchiornis were covered in feathers, including long feathers on the legs, similar to those in the hindwings of Microraptor.																																														
The show relates strongly to an earlier ITV game show The Moment of Truth, which is the same concept, but with one member of the family, not celebrities.																																														
Because the various species of Mesocyclops are known to prey on mosquito larvae, it is used as a nontoxic and inexpensive form of biological mosquito control.																																														
17 tracks are featured on this compilation including a special single remix of Faith Hill's hit "The Way You Love Me".																																														
The Bob Hope Special (12/15/65) — The first special filmed in color; all other specials were exclusively in color.																																														
Quincy-sous-Sénart (French pronunciation: [kɛ̃si su senaʁ] (listen), literally Quincy under Sénart) is a commune in the Essonne department in Île-de-France in northern France.																																														
106th United States Congress: 167 bills sponsored 107th United States Congress: 232 bills sponsored 108th United States Congress: 189 bills sponsored – 2 became law.																																														
Two songs, "Home" and "The Avenue" address the diaspora after Hurricane Katrina, as well as pledging to return to New Orleans to rebuild.																																														
Yuriy Oleksandrovych Chumak (Ukrainian: Юрій Олександрович Чумак; born 8 April 1962) is a Ukrainian football former goalkeeper and a current Ukrainian Second League club Tavriya Simferopol manager.																																														
El show del mediodía (The Midday Show) is the name of a Uruguayan tv show that has been on the air for over 40 years on channel 12.																																														
Jones reappeared on The Ellen DeGeneres Show on June 25 and performed "It's Gonna Be" on the show for a second time.																																														
michellauziere.com The Mozart performance on YouTube French audio/bio interview with Michel Lauzière for "Les Baladodiffusions DuBon et DuCon" by Serge Lemire, in January 2007.																																														
The religious tunic reaches to the feet and was the source of the clerical cassock, as well as, in its liturgical form, the alb, after the long tunic worn by Roman citizens.																																														
Fashion boots come in a wide variety of styles, from ankle to thigh-length, and are used for casual, formal, and business attire.																																														
For this reason, they have been losing popularity to slimmer versions of underwear since the mid 20th century, as loose undergarments do not mix with figure-hugging dresses, and especially with pants.																																														
The earliest known use of underwear that resembles modern panties dates back to 4,400 B.C. during the Badari period in Egypt.																																														
A British school decided to send 60 students showing up in treggings home on the reason that the clothing was too tight to be worn as trousers.																																														
During this period, beginning with the middle and upper classes, hose became longer and more fitting, and they reached above the knees.																																														
In the 1890s, knee pants (an early type of short pants) became the standard wear for American boys.																																														
The province of West Sulawesi (Sulawesi Barat) in Indonesia is divided into six regencies (kabupaten), which are subdivided in turn administratively into 69 districts (kecamatan).																																														
The 2000 styles saw pants that were not as low as the ones introduced in 2001, with a kind of "false" hip hugger introduced.																																														
A kilt (Scottish Gaelic: fèileadh [ˈfeːləɣ]; Irish: féileadh) is a garment resembling a wrap-around knee-length skirt, made of twill woven worsted wool with heavy pleats at the sides and back and traditionally a tartan pattern.																																														
The upper classes wore other garments atop the basic tunic, such as the dalmatica, a heavier and shorter type of tunic, again, worn by both sexes, or the scaramangion, a riding-coat of Persian origin.																																														
The concept of supermarkets (and later hypermarkets) came to Bulgaria after 1989 and most supermarkets are made up of joint ventures between Bulgarian and foreign investors.																																														
The first store opened in this phase was a ladies fashion clothing store, followed by Donegal Sports and Sony Centre.																																														
Greenleaf at Cheltenham is anchored by Target, ShopRite, Burlington, and The Home Depot and contains smaller stores and restaurants such as Marshalls, LA Fitness, Old Navy, Panda Express, Mad Rag, KicksUSA, Oak Street Health, and Chipotle Mexican Grill.																																														
Strip malls and retail parks often range in size from 5,000 square feet (460 m2) to over 100,000 square feet (9,300 m2), and strip malls over 100,000 sq.																																														
Letterkenny Retail Park and Riverside Retail Park are retail parks on the Paddy Harte/Link Road in central Letterkenny, County Donegal.																																														
Sales for the 1961 year were listed as $14 million U.S. dollars with four stores, with headquarters in Brighton, Massachusetts.																																														
Tenants at the 500,000 square foot (51,000 m2) complex, which opened in May 2005, include Regal Cinemas, Cumulus Broadcasting Studios, Bass Pro Shops, Banana Republic, Justice, and Build-A-Bear Workshop.																																														
The department stores, hotels, supermarkets and shopping malls established by Wu are now being managed by the President Group (大統集團).																																														
In January 2013, Bal Harbour Shops announced an equity partnership with Swire Properties to jointly develop the 500,000-square-foot (46,000 m2) retail component of Brickell CityCentre in downtown Miami.																																														
In addition, the mall was relatively inaccessible due to it being located in what was the sparsely populated outer suburbs of the Beijing between the 3rd and 4th ring road.																																														
Paço Alfândega River Shopping Shopping Boa Viagem Outlet Shopping Boa Vista Shopping Caruaru Shopping Center Guararapes Shopping Center Recife Shopping Costa Dourada Shopping Difusora Shopping Norte Shopping Patteo Olinda Shopping Paulista North Way Shopping Plaza Casa Forte Shopping RioMar Shopping Tacaruna Shopping Familia Gomes da Silva Pedro Bó International Centre   =																																														
He has taught mathematics in the University of the Andes (ULA) since 1996, and has an Msc degree in applied mathematics from ULA.																																														
The National Frozen & Refrigerated Foods Association (NFRA) is a Harrisburg, Pennsylvania trade association that promotes the sales and consumption of frozen & refrigerated foods.																																														
Civilizations are traditionally understood as ending in one of two ways; either through incorporation into another expanding civilization (e.g. As Ancient Egypt was incorporated into Hellenistic Greek, and subsequently Roman civilizations), or by collapsing and reverting to a simpler form of living, as happens in so-called Dark Ages.																																														
Notable people with the surname include:  Elias Childe, English painter Henry Langdon Childe, English entertainer James Warren Childe, English painter Vere Gordon Childe, Australian philologist and archaeologist Wilfred Rowland Childe, British poet and criticAs a given name it may refer to:  Childe Hassam Childe or Tartaglia, a fictional character from Genshin Impact   =																																														
Cytospora canker was observed by G. B. Ouellette in all the plantations of white and Norway spruces examined in the Province of Quebec, as well as in some natural stands of indigenous spruce.																																														
Joseph L. Rufo, Officer in Charge, State University of New York College of Environmental Science and Forestry, June 1, 2020 – November 4, 2020   =																																														
The work of the IPCC, including the contributions of many scientists, was recognised by the joint award of the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize to the IPCC and Al Gore.																																														
This is very important as it reduces the time taken to transplant seedlings (when compared to manual transplanting), thus allowing more time for harvesting.																																														
In a more effective move to combat global warming, in May 2007, the Vatican announced that the roof of the Paul VI Audience Hall would be covered with photovoltaic panels.																																														
in the internet domain Demographic change and social change Rapid global urbanisation Climate change and resource depletion Emerging markets The impact of deepfakes and other synthetic media Microbiomes and synthetic biology   =																																														
In India custodial rape has been a major focus of women's rights organizations, and has been an official category of rape defined under law since 1983.																																														
It was formed on 18 December 1842 by Tsar Nicholas I from the western part of Vilna Governorate, and the order was carried out on 1 July 1843.																																														
Ad Dakhiliyah (Arabic: الداخلية, romanized: Ad-Dāḫilīyah, meaning: The Interior) is one of the governorates (muhafazah) of Oman with Nizwa town as the regional center.																																														
At the time, the DNA database contained 650 profiles from one type of analysis of samples collected in rape kits—male autosomal STR profiles—and 420 profiles from a second type of analysis—complete 23Y-STR profiles.																																														
This collection, first issued by Revista Critică (English: The Critical Review),  contains the following poems:  Avatar Noaptea de decembrie Mai Imn la Satan Castelul Vasul Corabia Mănăstirea Cântecul ploaiei Rimele cântă pe harpă Dor zadarnic Lui Cetalo Pol Lewki Năluca unei nopţi O umbră de dincolo de Styx Oh!																																														
Two ships of the United States Navy have been named USS Sabine, after the Sabine River along the Texas/Louisiana border.																																														
Notable criminally-active gangs in Mexico include:  Beltrán-Leyva Cartel Gulf Cartel Juárez Cartel Los Ántrax Los Negros Los Zetas Sinaloa Cartel Sonora Cartel Border Brothers Paisas Mexican Mafia Sureños, US-Mexican gang Nuestra Familia Nortenos, US-Mexican gang Tijuana Cartel   =																																														
Although acquaintance rape is well-represented among rapes that are reported to authorities, surveys show that they are much more likely than stranger rapes to go unreported.																																														
Rape prevalence among women in the U.S. (the percentage of women who experienced rape at least once in their lifetime so far) is in the range of 15–20% according to different studies (National Violence against Women survey, 1995, found 17.																																														
Followed by Dartmouth College with 42, Wesleyan University with 35, University of Virginia with 35, Harvard with 33, University of NC at Charlotte with 32, Rutgers in New Brunswick with 32, University of Vermont with 27 and ending with Stanford with 26 rapes per year.																																														
Capital punishment remains available as a penalty where the victim dies, or where the defendant acts with intent to kill the victim but the victim survives.																																														
In 1914 or possibly 1915 the engine was replaced by a larger 'Precision' V twin, water-cooled only, of 1090 cc made by F.E. Baker Ltd.  A sports version was also made with a very long tapered bonnet.																																														
The advantages of multipoint over single-point tools are:  The whole diamond can be used; in a single-point tool, when the point is blunt the diamond must be reset, and after few resettings the diamond is replaced.																																														
3 in (76 mm) squares are handier for small tasks that don't require a longer square, such as marking small joints.																																														
Another type operates similar to tin snips, but shears the sheet along two parallel tracks 3–6 mm apart, rolling up the waste in a tight spiral as it cuts.																																														
A block plane is a small metal-bodied woodworking hand plane which typically has the blade bedded at a lower angle than other planes, with the bevel up.																																														
Sights: Adjustable for windage and elevation Finish: Furniture:Plastic Features:  Adjustable Trigger & Sights Production: 1978-79 (Very limited ) Manufactured in El Monte, CA.																																														
When material is removed to create a woodworking joint, the resulting surfaces have the following names: Cheek, the flat surface parallel to the face of the joint member which exposes long grain Shoulder, the surface perpendicular to the face or edge of the joint member which exposes end grain   =																																														
Specialized saws such as the Gigli saw, a cable made of sharp strands of wire, are also used in some procedures.																																														
In English and American vocabulary it denotes a toothed blade suspended between two long narrow handles called "cheeks" that are supported and separated by a thin stretcher in the center of the handles, making a wide H shape (the cheeks form the uprights of the H, the stretcher the crossbar of the H).																																														
The sheer bulk of the metal head helps to cool the glue, causing it to grab and hold the veneer in place.																																														
Some ladles involve a point on the side of the basin to allow for finer stream when pouring the liquid; however, this can create difficulty for left handed users, as it is easier to pour towards oneself.																																														
Sài Gòn Giải Phóng (English: Liberated Saigon) also known as SGGP and Saigon Giai Phong, is a Vietnamese Communist Party newspaper published from Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam.																																														
Together with George Dalziel and Edward Dalziel who did the engraving he published "Mother Goose's Nursery Rhymes and Nursery Songs Set to Music" in the 1870.																																														
The part one includes the event up to the incarnation of Vaikundar and the second section continues till the end of Dharma Yukam.																																														
One of the most important publications by a Norwegian was Olav Scheflo's Den røde tråd i Norges historie, which was controversial within the party.																																														
When the hymn was first published in 1524 in the Eyn geystlich Gesangk Buchleyn, it was associated with a hymn tune in Doric mode, Zahn No.																																														
It was claimed that this version was released including all accidentally omitted verse from all editions of Palaramachandaran Version referring to the palm-leaf versions of Kottangadu, Swamithope, Thamaraikulam as well as Panchalankurichi versions.																																														
He is noted for being one of the botanical illustrators who produced plates for Francisco Manuel Blanco's Flora de Filipinas, the illustrated version of which was published in Manila between 1877 and 1883.																																														
Hosea 9:6 uses the older version Moph  (e.g. in Young's Literal Translation) although many English translations use the name Memphis in this verse   =																																														
In the early 1950s, "The Lore and Language of Schoolchildren" offered considerable insight as the first known publication of ethnographic research in which children themselves were consulted about their beliefs and oral traditions, including songs and rhymes.																																														
Joanie and Janie Went to pick limes; They found the tree all dried up So they butted heads instead".																																														
The press has published more than 5,000 titles in Persian language, and is currently publishing an average of one book per day.																																														
A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun, thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth.																																														
An annular solar eclipse occurs when the Moon's apparent diameter is smaller than the Sun's, blocking most of the Sun's light and causing the Sun to look like an annulus (ring).																																														
A total solar eclipse occurs when the Moon's apparent diameter is larger than the Sun's, blocking all direct sunlight, turning day into darkness.																																														
The Metonic cycle repeats nearly exactly every 19 years and represents a Saros cycle plus one lunar year.																																														
The whole event was visible from Europe, Africa, parts of South America, and some areas of North America, Asia, and Western Australia.																																														
In particular, when the Moon is near apogee, the farthest point from Earth in its orbit, its orbital speed is the slowest.																																														
Because it occurs on the same calendar date, the earth's shadow will in nearly the same location relative to the background stars.																																														
Saros cycle series 126 for lunar eclipses occurs at the moon's ascending node, 18 years 11 and 1/3 days.																																														
Earth visibility chart and eclipse statistics Eclipse Predictions by Fred Espenak, NASA/GSFC Google interactive map Besselian elements   =																																														
In:    Lupidio - Signed From Hércules CF  Rubén - Signed From CD Badajoz  Morales - Signed From RCD Espanyol  Nano - Signed From UD Marbella  Ekpoki - Signed From Olimpija Ljubliana  Merino - Signed From CD Numancia  Miguel Pérez - Signed From CD Numancia  Álex Pérez - Signed From Real Madrid  Iván Romero - Signed From Atletico de Madrid  Álvaro Iglesias - Signed From CD Tenerife   Óscar Álvarez - Signed From CD Tenerife  Jaio - Signed From Racing de Ferrol  Irurzun - Signed From Sporting de Gijón  Diego Reyes - Signed From AD Ceuta  Llera - Signed From Alicante CF  Ruz - On Loan From Valencia CFOut:   Iván Romero - Transferred To Real Jaén  Valencia - Transferred To Racing de Santander  Ibón Begoña - transferred To Deportivo Alavés  Carrión - Transferred To Córdoba CF  Ñoño - On Loan To Sant Andreu  Tortolero  - Return To FC Barcelona  Angulo - Return To Athletic de Bilbao  David Medina - transferred To Sabadell  Iván Ania - transferred To Cádiz CF  Felip - transferred To UD Salamanca  Lusarreta - transferred To Real Oviedo  Sergio Francisco transferred - To Real Unión  Vaqueriza - transferred Retired  Fernando - transferred To Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa   =																																														
He made his debut in the Piala Indonesia against Persires Rengat but he has not made his debut in the Liga Indonesia.																																														
In the past he was a player of Tempo Partizánske, FC Nitra, OFK Veľký Lapáš, FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce and Polonia Bytom.																																														
Dirceu Lucas de Abreu Santos (born 25 February 1988), known as Lucas Abreu, is Brazilian footballer who plays for Paraná.																																														
On 28 January 2009, Romondini terminated his contract with Avellino of the Italian Serie B, and signed a contract with  Olympiakos Volos which ran until June 2010.																																														
He played for Thyella first team for 3 seasons, from 2005–2006 to 2007–2008, and as of 13 June 2008 he was a Larissa player with a 5-year contract.																																														
er più e er meno (1972) I clan dei due borsalini (1971) I due maggiolini più matti del mondo (1970) Gli infermieri della mutua (1969) I due crociati (1968) I due vigili (1967) La ragazzola (1965) La pupa (1963) Cronache del '22 (1962) Tutti innamorati (1959)   =																																														
ASign of Admiral Vernon, King Street Sign of the AnchorBSign of the Barber's Poll, Long Wharf Sign of the Basket of Lemons, Middle St. Sign of the Bellows, Ann Street Sign of the Bible, Cornhill Bible and Crown, Dock Square Bible and Heart, Cornhill Sign of the Bible and Three Crowns, Ann St. Sign of the Black and White Horse Sign of the Black Boy and But, Cornhill Sign of the Black Horse Sign of the Blue Ball, Union St. Sign of the Blue Boar Blue Dog, Wing's Lane Blue Dog & Rainbow, Cambridge St. Blue Glove, Union St. Sign of the Blue Horse, Cornhill Sign of the Boot, Marlborough Street Sign of the Boys and Bullock's Head, Water St. Sign of the Brazen Head, Cornhill Sign of the Breeches and Gloves, Ann St. Sign of the Buck, Marlborough St. Sign of the Buck and Glove, Cornhill Sign of the Bull Sign of the Bunch of Grapes, King St.CSign of the Case of Draws, North Street Sign of the Chest of Draws, "near the New North Meeting House" Sign of the Chest of Drawers, Middle Street Sign of the Chest of Drawers and Cabinet, Middle St. Sign of the Coat and Stay Sign of the Cock, Wing's Lane Sign of the Cornfields, Union St. Cromwell's Head, School Street Sign of the Crown Sign of the Crown and Comb, Queen St. Sign of the Crown and Cross, Fish Street Sign of the Crown and Razor Sign of the Crown and Sceptre, Back Street Sign of the Cross, Ann St. Sign of the Cross Guns, Fish St.DSign of the Dog and Pot, Ann St. Sign of the Dolphin, Fish St. Sign of the Drum, Back Street Sign of the Drum and ChairsESign of the Eagle, Newbury Street Sign of the Elephant, King St. Sign of the Engine, Pond-LaneFFaust's Statue, Newbury St. Five Sugar Loaves, Fish St. Sign of the Flower-Pot, Back St. Sign of the Four Sugar Loaves, Long Wharf Franklin's Head, Court St.GSign of General Warren, Wing's Lane Sign of the Goat, King St. Sign of the Golden Ball, Merchant's Row Sign of the Golden Cock Sign of the Golden Eagle, Dock Square Sign of the Golden Fleece, King St. Sign of the Golden Key, Ann St. Sign of the Good Samaritan Sign of the Grand Turk, Newbury St. Green Canister and Two Sugar Loaves, Marlborough St. Sign of the Green Dragon, Union St. Sign of the Green WiggHSign of the Half Moon, Newbury St. Sign of the Hand and Beam, Middle St. Sign of the Hat, Cornhill Sign of the Hat & Hand, Cornhill Sign of the Hatt and Helmet Sign of the Hawk, Summer St. Sign of the Heart and Crown, Cornhill Sign of the Hoop Petticoat, "over against the north side of the Town House"KSign of the King's ArmsLSign of the Lamb Sign of the Leopard, Ann St. Sign of the Leopard, Union St. Sign of the Light-House Sign of the Lion, Newbury St. Lion and Bell, Marlborough St. Sign of the Looking-Glass, Union St. Sign of the Lyon's Head and Crown, Fish St.OSign of the Orange TreePSign of the Painter's Arms, Queen St. Sign of the Pine Tree and Two Sugar Loaves, King St. Sign of the Punch-Bowl, Dock SquareRSign of the Rainbow & Dove, Marlborough St. Sign of the Red Cross Sign of the Red Cross & Crown Sign of the Red Horse Sign of the Red Lyon, Wood Lane Sign of the Roe-Buck, Fish Lane Rose and Crown, Union St. Sign of the Royal-Exchange, King St.SSign of the Salutation Sign of the Schooner, Fish St. Sign of the Ship, Long Wharf Sign of the Ship, Fish St. Sign of the Ship and Launch, King St. Sign of the Six Sugar Loaves, Union St. Sign of the Skales and Weights, "alley near Governours Dock" Sign of the Sloop, Anne Street Spectacles Sign of the Spring Clock & Watches, "near the draw-bridge in Anne Street" Sign of the Star, Hanover St. Sign of the Stationer's Arms Sign of the Stays Sign of the Sun, Draw-Bridge St. Sign of the Swan, Orange StreetTSign of the Tea-Kettle, South-End Sign of the Thistle & Crown, Wing's Lane Sign of the Three Coaches, Quaker Lane Sign of the Three Doves Sign of the Three Golden Doves, Marlboro St. Sign of the Three Horse-Shoes Sign of the Three-Kings, Cornhill Sign of the Three Nuns, Cornhill Sign of the Three Nuns and Comb, Cornhill Sign of the Three Pine Trees, State St. Sign of the Three Shuttles, Long Lane Sign of the Three Sugar Loaves, King St. Sign of the Three Sugar Loaves and Canister, King St. Sign of the Two Boys and Ox's Head and Horns, Water St. Sign of the Two Sugar Loaves, Cornhill Two Sugar Loaves, Fleet St. Sign of the Tun and Bacchus, King St. Sign of the Turks HeadUSign of the Unicorn, Cornhill Sign of the Unicorn and Mortar, Marlborough St.WSign of the Walnut Tree, Milk Street Sign of the Whale Fishery, Union St. Sign of the Wheat-Sheafe, Wing's Lane Sign of the White Horse Sign of the White Wigg, Fish St.YSign of the Yankee Hero, Wing's Lane   =																																														
He started his career in Maribor and later played for Malečnik, WAC St. Andrä, MU Šentjur, Olimpija, Rudar Velenje, Volendam and Zavrč.																																														
Sofiane Bencharif, sometimes spelt as Soufiane Bencherif, (born 11 August 1986 in Ollioules, France) is a French-Algerian football player who is currently playing as a forward for Widad Amel Tlemcen.																																														
Oshri Gita - on loan to  Bnei Sakhnin  Tomer Hemed - on loan to  Bnei Yehuda  Tom Almadon - on loan to  Maccabi Ahi Nazareth   =																																														
Although historically only used in factories and large commercial buildings, systems for homes and small buildings are now available at a cost-effective price.																																														
Fire suppression systems are governed by the codes under the National Fire Protection Association, also known as the NFPA.																																														
Fire suppression systems have an incredibly large variety of applications, and as such, there are many different types of suppression systems for different applications being used today.																																														
Likewise, the NFPA also lists criteria that must be met for the requirements of certain types of fire suppression systems.																																														
Fire sprinkler systems Wet pipe Wet pipe antifreeze Dry pipe Pre-action Deluge Electronic Foam water sprinkler Water spray Water mist Gaseous agents Chemical agent systems Wet chemical Dry chemical Fully automatic suppression systems Fully automatic vehicle fire suppression systems Manual vehicle fire suppression systems External water spray system   =																																														
A fire sprinkler system is an active fire protection method, consisting of a water supply system, providing adequate pressure and flowrate to a water distribution piping system, onto which fire sprinklers are connected.																																														
All three stations are owned by Townsquare Media, and are located at 410 6th Street East, on Williston's east side.																																														
Triple M The Border (official callsign: 2BDR) is a commercial radio station owned and operated by Southern Cross Austereo as part of the Triple M network.																																														
In addition to broadcasting Christian music, Radio Dei offers STT news every hour, and general talk radio programs.																																														
3 MHz in 1978 after a multi-year fight between Parkell Broadcasting, which built the station, and Southwest Broadcasting Company, which sought to have it denied.																																														
National and local religious leaders are heard on KDKR, including Chuck Smith, David Jeremiah, Alistair Begg, Charles Stanley and Greg Laurie.																																														
The station was owned by Rockford First Assembly of God and aired a Christian format branded "Radio 91", with the slogan "Your Home for Life".																																														
In September 2017, Dick Broadcasting announced the purchase of Alpha Media stations in three markets — 18 stations and two translators in total, at a purchase price of $19.																																														
9 MHz to widen its broadcast area, especially during nighttime hours when the AM signal broadcasts with only 68 watts.																																														
Licensed to Trinidad, Colorado, United States, the station is currently owned by Phillips Broadcasting, Inc.As of September 28, 2020, KCRT-FM has added translator K294BO, broadcasting from Monte Vista, CO on 106.																																														
Prunedale Educational Association announced it would be swapping the then-KLVM and its five translators to Educational Media Foundation for KARW Salinas.																																														
Licensed to the Cape May Court House, section of Middle Township, Cape May County, New Jersey, United States.																																														
In 2016 the initiative sponsored a widely acclaimed exhibition titled The Looking Glass: Artist Immigrants of Washington, which was curated by Rasmussen to showcase the immigration stories, experiences, and views of ten Washington, DC area artists - all of whom were immigrants to the United States from Latin America.																																														
This "silence" is the subject of an artist's project and it has also been the subject of two editions of Wavelength arts programme on the community radio station Resonance FM.																																														
Reviewing the show, Richard Dorment described him as "the most original young artist I've come across in almost 15 years of writing art criticism".																																														
His work was included in The Responsive Eye (Museum of Modern Art, New York, 1965), Eyes, Lies, and Illusions (Hayward Gallery, London, 2004) and Optic Nerve: Perceptual Art of the 1960s (The Columbus Museum of Art, Ohio, 2007).																																														
Dokuryu was born in China, but fled to Japan during the Manchu conquest resulting from the Seven Grievances.																																														
For his conscientious and long-term work Androsov has been repeatedly awarded honorary diplomas by the head of the Mytischinskogo municipal district and Council of Deputies.																																														
1945: Los Angeles County Museum, Annual Exhibition, Purchase Award, Oil 1951: Terry Art Institute, Miami, Cash Award 1954: Los Angeles County Museum, Second Prize, Modern Oil; California State Fair & Exposition, First Prize, Modern Oil 1955: Chaffey Community Art Association, Cash Award 1957: Los Angeles County Museum, Junior Art Council Prize; Los Angeles All-City Art Festival, Purchase Prize, Oil; California State Fair & Expo, Cash Award, Pastel 1958: Santa Barbara Museum of Art, Second Annual Pacific Coast Biennial; ALA Story Purchase Award 1960: Los Angeles All-City Art Festival, First Purchase Award, Watercolor; California Watercolor Society, Merchandise Award 1961: California All-City Art Festival, First Purchase Award, Oil 1962: California State Fair & Exposition, Second Prize, Modern Oil 1963: California Watercolor Society, Purchase Award 1969: Academia Tomasso Campanella, Rome, International Academy of Arts, Silver Medal 1991: Citation from Mayor Tom Bradley, City of Los Angeles (proclaiming Hans Burkhardt Week, October 11 through 17) 1992: American Academy & Institute of Arts & Letters, Jimmy Ernst Award in Art for Lifetime Achievement; LA Artcore, 4th Annual Award in Art   =																																														
Richard Doment wrote that, "it [Artist Rooms] is the most important thing that has happened in the art world in this country in my lifetime".																																														
In 2020, as part of the Japanese government's policy to revitalize local areas, the Crafts Gallery was relocated to Kanazawa and the National Crafts Museum was opened there.																																														
Louvre Atlanta was an art collaboration showing exhibits from the Louvre in Paris at the High Museum of Art in Atlanta from October 2006 to 2009.																																														
Opened in 1979, the gallery has a permanent collection, part of which is exhibited at any one time, and also hosts special exhibitions.																																														
On 15 September Poles were forced out of Sochaczew, a town on the Bzura river, and trapped in a triangle of Bzura, Vistula and German forces.																																														
He is notable for his service in the Trans-Mississippi Theater early in the war and later for being dismissed from the army following a court-martial.																																														
For this act of exceptional bravery, Capt Manoj Kumar Pandey was posthumously awarded the highest gallantry award the ‘PARAM VIR CHAKRA’.																																														
General Xu, commanded 17th Army during the Defense of the Great Wall in 1933, taking temporary command of the 8th Army Group when its commander was relieved.																																														
The 40th Kentucky Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.																																														
The Special Reaction Unit is a part of the Presidential Security Group, which serves as its main counter-terrorist unit among the other nine organic units.																																														
His parents were Joseph McDowell, Sr. (1715–1771) who was a Scotch Irish immigrant and Virginia Margaret O'Neil (1717–1790) who was Irish.																																														
The remainder of the Ionian Islands came under the Higher Armed Forces Command Albania (Ninth Army), while the Italian Dodecanese, the Italian-occupied Lasithi Prefecture on Crete and the bulk of the Cyclades came under the Higher Armed Forces Command of the Italian Islands of the Aegean at Rhodes.																																														
Several of its members have gone on to achieve notability, including Croatian mixed martial arts fighter Mirko "Cro Cop" Filipović.																																														
It was chartered as a private, non-profit, fraternal organization, to support the Infantry's role in the security of the United States, to assist Infantry men in building closer affiliations with one another, and to preserve the United States Infantry's heritage.																																														
The military of the nation of Brunei is known as the Royal Brunei Armed Forces or Angkatan Bersenjata DiRaja Brunei in Malay, often abbreviated ABDB.																																														
Gjorče Petrov Stadium (Macedonian Cyrillic: Стадион Ѓорче Петров, Stadion Gjorče Petrov) is a multi-use stadium in Skopje, North Macedonia.																																														
A draughtsman's chair is a swivel chair without wheels that is usually taller than an 'office chair' for use in front of a drawing board.																																														
Bloomberg Businessweek endorsed the saddle chair, noting while there is no medical evidence it helps increase sperm production, it "tips your pelvis and spine into the right position and un-squishes your genitals.																																														
This was the first single piece, highly flexible seat shell manufactured by Wilkhahn This ergonomically designed chair featured a synchronised mechanism, which adjusts the position of the seat and backrest to flexibly accommodate the needs of person.																																														
Jack and Jill, similar to the Adirondack chair, but consists of two of them joined in the middle by a table Jump seat, in an airplane   =																																														
The Ogilvie Professor of Human Geography is the name for the occupant of the Ogilvie Chair of Geography at the University of Edinburgh.																																														
The kamiza (Japanese: 上座) is the "top seat" within a room, meaning the seat of honor; the term also applies to the best seats in air-planes, trains, and cars.																																														
Desk pads are very popular promotional products, usually branded with a logo, contact information and product or service information.																																														
The Ponte Valgadena is the highest viaduct in Italy, the third in Europe, with a length of 282 metres (925 ft) and a height of 175 metres (574 ft).																																														
The chair's bungee bands can be either rounded or flattened, and the number of bands on each make of bungee chair may vary.																																														
The reinstallation of Broken Chair in February 2007 was officially dedicated by Handicap International to support the signature of an international treaty on a ban on cluster munitions, which was signed in Oslo in December 2008.																																														
Homaluroides abdominalis (Coquillett, 1895) Homaluroides distichliae (Malloch, 1918) Homaluroides gramineus (Coquillett, 1898) Homaluroides ingratus (Williston, 1893) Homaluroides melleus (Loew, 1872) Homaluroides mexicanus (Duda, 1930) Homaluroides pilosulus (Becker, 1912) Homaluroides quinquepunctatus (Loew, 1863) Homaluroides surdus (Curran, 1930)   =																																														
Melichares aciculatus (Ishikawa, 1968) Melichares agilis Hering, 1838 Melichares algonquian (Lindquist & King-Wan-W, 1991) Melichares californicus (Lindquist & King-Wan-W, 1991) Melichares crassispinus Ma, Zhang & Li, 2003 Melichares disparisetus (Lindquist & King-Wan-W, 1991) Melichares mexicanus (Lindquist & King-Wan-W, 1991) Melichares monochami (Lindquist, 1962) Melichares nipponensis (Lindquist & King-Wan-W, 1991) Melichares sibiriensis Davydova, 1988 Melichares squamosus (Lindquist & King-Wan-W, 1991)   =																																														
Araniella jilinensis Yin & Zhu, 1994 – China Araniella levii Zamani & Marusik, 2020 – India Araniella maasdorpi Zamani & Marusik, 2020 – India Araniella maderiana (Kulczyński, 1905) – Canary Is.																																														
When attacking prey, Apoica release a drop of venom from their stings, which in turn attracts any nearby wasps to attack.																																														
Nest building reinforces social behavior, allowing for larger populations in small spaces to the point of increasing the carrying capacity of an environment.																																														
Potter wasps are the most diverse subfamily of vespids, with almost 200 genera, and contain the vast majority of species in the family (nearly 3,000 species from a total of about 4,500 in the whole family).																																														
Like other megapodes, it nests in large mounds of sand, leaf litter and other debris where the heat generated by the decomposition of organic material serves to incubate the eggs.																																														
The legs are black with yellow bands, the antennae are black and the wings are clear.																																														
The Battle Mound Site (3LA1) is an archaeological site in Lafayette County, Arkansas in the Great Bend region of the Red River basin.																																														
Solaria are usually dome-shaped and fashioned from a paper-thin layer of soil, connected to the main nest by way of subterranean runs.																																														
She was also part of the relay team at the 1978 championships, which placed fourth, two seconds behind the Swiss bronze medalists.																																														
Adrovicz also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three silvers (K-2 500 m: 1986, 1994; K-4 500 m: 1991) and a bronze (K-2 1000 m: 1989).																																														
Keith Jardine Knockout of the Night: Matt Hamill Submission of the Night: Not awarded as no matches ended with submission   =																																														
A 21-man Battle Royal was held during the show, to crown the first ever FCW Southern Heavyweight Champion.																																														
Egbunine won with a TKO in the second round, taking her one step closer to an inevitable first-time match-up with the popular Ali.																																														
He also won the 125cc Belgian national championship in 1999 and, the MX1-GP Belgian national championship in 2004 and 2006.																																														
Later on Hamilton's brother Jody Hamilton started to team with Renesto as The Assassins, but the Bolo name was so popular in JCP that the two worked as the Great Bolo and the Mighty Bolo for a while to capitalize on the popularity of the Bolo gimmick.																																														
Badd Company also won the CWA's main tag team titles in Memphis, when they defeated Jeff Jarrett and Billy Joe Travis for the AWA Southern Tag Team Championship on August 8, 1987.																																														
Dr Monosson was Paris Champion in 1935, He also took 5th in the 4th Paris City Chess Championship 1928 (Abraham Baratz won),  and took 5th at Paris 1938 (L'Echiquier, Baldur Hoenlinger won).																																														
For several months AAA booked Roberts in only special appearances, not actually wrestling but making appearances to remind people of what he did to Konnan.																																														
Things were going Kameda's way in the early rounds, and he even managed to drop McDonnell in the third round.																																														
The summit of Middle Carter is wooded, but there are views from the ridgecrest not far from the summit.																																														
The village of Kedares in the province of Pafos, is located at the foot of Troodos and at an altitude of 543 meters from the sea.																																														
The summit of a mountain or hill may be measured in three principal ways:  The topographic elevation of a summit measures the height of the summit above a geodetic sea level.																																														
The 1,507-metre (4,944 ft) tall mountain is the highest point in Bykle municipality as well as for all of Agder county, and in the whole region of Southern Norway (Sørlandet).																																														
Friday Mountain is one of the 35 peaks in the Catskills greater than 3,500 feet elevation, and is a required ascent for membership in the Catskill Mountain 3500 Club.																																														
The headwaters of the Entiat River rise from the south slopes of Mount Fernow and the east slopes of Seven Fingered Jack.																																														
It is located in the Setesdalsheiene mountains about half-way between the mountains of Brandsnutene to the north and Sæbyggjenuten to the south.																																														
To the east, is the Cordillera Blanca where the highest peaks of  Peru can be seen, especially Huascarán (6768 m).																																														
State Route 235 (SR 235) is a 10-mile-long (16 km) route that serves as a connection between U.S. Route 231/U.S. Route 280/State Route 76 (US 231/US 280/SR 76) at Childersburg with Talladega County Roads 190 and 191 (CR 190/CR 191) at Grasmere.																																														
The recently placed survey marker stone at the top of Cheonbosan indicates that it has an elevation of 423 m (1,388 ft).																																														
Listed separately, to the west and north-west are the Karakoram and Hindu Kush Ultras, and while to the north-east and east are the ultras of Tibet.																																														
A topological space X is said to be of covering dimension n if every open cover of X has a point-finite open refinement such that no point of X is included in more than n+1 sets in the refinement and if n is the minimum value for which this is true.																																														
When the objects of the set S being numbered are sufficiently "constructive", it is common to look at numberings that can be effectively decoded (Ershov 1999:486).																																														
Cofinal and coinitial set, sometimes also called dense Meet-dense set and join-dense set Linked set (upwards and downwards) Directed set (upwards and downwards) centered and σ-centered set Net (mathematics) Upper set and lower set Ideal and filter Ultrafilter   =																																														
Conversely, notice that if α is rational then this sequence is not equidistributed modulo 1, because there are only a finite number of options for the fractional part of aj =																																														
Alphabets in this technical sense of a set are used in a diverse range of fields including logic, mathematics, computer science, and linguistics.																																														
These are the most popular given names in the United States for each respective year in the 1980s.																																														
SpeciesMilleria perfoliata B.L.Turner - Jalisco Milleria quinqueflora L. - widespread from Chihuahua to Ecuadorformerly includedsee Delilia Flaveria   Milleria biflora L. - Delilia biflora (L.																																														
KY 2900 (removed 1989)  KY 2901 (removed 1990)  KY 2902  KY 2903 (removed 1989)  KY 2904 (removed 1989)  KY 2905 (removed 1993)  KY 2906  KY 2907  KY 2908  KY 2909  KY 2910  KY 2911 (removed 2009)  KY 2912  KY 2913  KY 2914  KY 2915  KY 2916 (removed 1980)  KY 2917  KY 2918  KY 2919  KY 2920  KY 2921  KY 2922 (removed 1984)  KY 2923 (removed 1984)  KY 2924  KY 2925  KY 2926  KY 2927 (removed 1997)  KY 2928 (removed 1997)  KY 2929  KY 2930 (removed 2000)  KY 2931 (removed 2000)  KY 2932 (removed 1997)  KY 2933  KY 2934  KY 2935  KY 2936  KY 2937  KY 2938 (removed 1999)  KY 2939 (removed 1992)  KY 2940  KY 2941 (removed 1995)  KY 2942  KY 2943- Spur from KY 36 in Williamstown (removed 2021)  KY 2944- Curry Lane near KY 22 in Dry Ridge  KY 2945- Spur from KY 1994 near Sherman  KY 2946- Spur from KY 2945 near Sherman  KY 2947 (removed 1991)  KY 2948  KY 2949  KY 2950 (removed 1991)  KY 2951  KY 2952 (removed 2005)  KY 2953 (removed 1991)  KY 2954 (removed 2005)  KY 2955 (removed 1991)  KY 2956 (removed 1989)  KY 2957 (removed 1993)  KY 2958 (removed 1993)  KY 2959 (removed 1993)  KY 2960 (removed 1995)  KY 2961 (removed 2001)  KY 2962 (removed 2005)  KY 2963 (removed 2005)  KY 2964 (removed 2005)  KY 2965 (removed 1997)  KY 2966 (removed 1997)  KY 2967  KY 2968  KY 2969  KY 2970  KY 2971  KY 2972  KY 2973  KY 2974 (removed 1980)  KY 2975 (removed 2017)  KY 2976 (removed 1980)  KY 2977 (removed 1985)  KY 2978 (removed 2017)  KY 2979 (removed 1997)  KY 2980 (removed 1994)  KY 2981 (removed 1989)  KY 2982  KY 2983 (removed 1988)  KY 2984  KY 2985  KY 2986  KY 2987  KY 2988 (removed 1981)  KY 2989  KY 2990 (removed 1988)  KY 2991 (removed 1988)  KY 2992 (removed 1988)  KY 2993  KY 2994  KY 2995  KY 2996  KY 2997  KY 2998  KY 2999 (removed 1988)   =																																														
USS Levi Woodbury may refer to:  USRC Levi Woodbury (1837), was a Revenue Cutter launched on 27 March 1837 and sold on 1 June 1847.																																														
KY 3300 KY 3301 KY 3302 KY 3303 (removed 2020) KY 3304 KY 3305  KY 3306  KY 3307  KY 3308  KY 3309  KY 3310  KY 3311  KY 3312  KY 3313  KY 3314  KY 3315  KY 3316  KY 3317  KY 3318  KY 3319  KY 3320  KY 3321  KY 3322  KY 3323  KY 3324  KY 3325  KY 3326  KY 3327  KY 3328  KY 3329  KY 3330  KY 3331  KY 3332  KY 3333  KY 3334  KY 3335  KY 3336  KY 3337  KY 3338  KY 3339  KY 3340  KY 3341  KY 3342  KY 3343  KY 3344  KY 3345  KY 3346  KY 3347  KY 3348  KY 3349  KY 3350  KY 3351  KY 3352  KY 3353  KY 3354  KY 3355  KY 3356  KY 3357  KY 3358  KY 3359  KY 3360  KY 3361  KY 3362  KY 3363  KY 3364  KY 3365  KY 3366  KY 3367  KY 3368  KY 3369  KY 3370  KY 3371  KY 3372 (removed 2005)  KY 3373  KY 3374  KY 3375  KY 3376  KY 3377  KY 3378  KY 3379  KY 3380  KY 3381  KY 3382  KY 3383  KY 3384  KY 3385  KY 3386  KY 3387  KY 3388  KY 3389  KY 3390  KY 3391  KY 3392  KY 3393  KY 3394  KY 3395  KY 3396  KY 3397  KY 3398  KY 3399   =																																														
, 2011 Myrmozercon liguricus (Vitzthum) Myrmozercon robustisetae Rosario & Hunter, 1988 Myrmozercon rotundiscutum Rosario & Hunter, 1988 Myrmozercon scutellatus (Hull, 1923)   =																																														
Chaff cutters have evolved from the basic machines into commercial standard machines that can be driven at various speeds and can achieved various lengths of cuts of chaff with respect to animal preference type.																																														
USS Procyon may refer to the following ships of the United States Navy:  USS Procyon (AG-11), built in 1919 by American International Shipbuilding, Hog Island, Pennsylvania.																																														
Palatinate-Sulzbach-Hilpoltstein was created in 1614 out of the partition of the territories of Philip Louis of Palatinate-Neuburg for his youngest son John Frederick.																																														
Bencion (in Catalan and Spanish, Benció) (died 916) was the count of Empúries and Rosselló from 915 to his death.																																														
An open class system is the stratification that facilitates social mobility, with individual achievement and personal merit determining social rank.																																														
He succeeded his father as baronet in 1748, in which year he entered the British House of Commons, sitting as a Tory Member of Parliament (MP) for Essex until his death in 1759.																																														
Some statutes allow a pretermitted child to claim their intestate share, while others limit the inheritance to an amount that is comparable to devises made in the will for the children who were alive when the will was written.																																														
Don Manuel Bermúdez de Castro y Díez (Jerez de la Frontera, Spain, 11 June 1811 – Madrid, Spain, 11 March 1870) was a Spanish economist and politician who served as Minister of Spain between 1865 and 1866, in a unionist cabinet headed by Leopoldo O'Donnell, 1st Duke of Tetuan.																																														
Ross was the second son of James Ross, 6th Lord Ross, who died on 17 December 1633, by Margaret, daughter of Walter Scott, 1st Lord Scott of Buccleuch.																																														
The wife can defer it till a stipulated date or it can become a debt on the estate when the husband dies.																																														
[and] A Series or Lists of the Representatives in the several Parliaments held from the Reformation 1541, to the Restoration 1660 .																																														
Henry John Wentworth Hodgetts-Foley of Prestwood House, then in Kingswinford parish (9 December 1828 – 23 April 1894) was a British MP.																																														
The list includes all individuals who were first in line to the throne of Greece, either as heir apparent or as heir presumptive, since 1832 (cf.																																														
The most basic repeating sequence of steps may be;  Side step, Step behind the support foot, Side step, Step across support foot.																																														
Without firecut joists, the burnt joists would fail and the ends of the joists would rotate as the joist deflected downwards.																																														
It was built in 1921 to replace the wood frame and brick building on the same site which had been destroyed by a fire.																																														
In warships, a breastwork is the armored superstructure in the ship that did not extend all the way out to the sides of the ship.																																														
As the dancers balance they make a quarter turn to the man's right to the one, two, three count of the music--four of these quarter turns making the complete revolution.																																														
Each wall has two sides and breaking a wall on one side will break the wall on the other side.																																														
The Burdette Building, also known as Burdette Hardware Building or B.W. Burdette Building, in Simpsonville, South Carolina, was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2003.																																														
There is no rule governing the number of steps to be taken forward or back, the number of times to balance, or the number of turns to be made.																																														
With the development of technologies, pressurized walls and temporary walls in general are getting more and more stable and reliable.																																														
Jewish Young Men's and Women's Association is a historic Jewish community center building located at Rochester in Monroe County, New York.																																														
Gum Wall Separation barrier List of cities with defensive walls List of town walls in England and Wales List of fortifications Great Wall (astronomy) List of Egyptian castles, forts, fortifications and city walls   =																																														
Before and during the attack on Pearl Harbor, Japanese midget submarines were able to enter the inner harbor via an open gate and avoid the submarine nets.																																														
They can entangle fish, dolphins, sea turtles, sharks, dugongs, crocodiles, seabirds, crabs, and other creatures, including the occasional human diver.																																														
A sinker that allows extra weight to be on the line for casting, which will increase distance, then once the sinker is immersed in water it disperses the weight leaving you with a light line.																																														
After the death of Sultan Bantilan Muizz ud-Din in 1763, he became the Sultan of Sulu; which lasted until 1764 when the British forced the restoration of the former Sultan Azim ud-Din I.In 1778, he poisoned his cousin and the reigning Sultan Muhammad Israil ud-Din which led to his proclamation as the new sultan for the second time.																																														
The thorntooth grenadier or javelin fish, Lepidorhynchus denticulatus, is a rattail, the only member of the genus Lepidorhynchus, found around southern Australia and New Zealand, at depths of between 200 and 1,000 m. Its length is between 20 and 55 cm.																																														
There are currently 14 recognized species in this genus: Telestes beoticus (Stephanidis, 1939) (Paskóviza) Telestes croaticus (Steindachner, 1866) (Croatian pijor) Telestes dabar Bogutskaya, Zupančič, Bogut & Naseka, 2012 Telestes fontinalis (M.																																														
Although long line fisheries are the main contributor to sea bird by-catch, sea birds are also caught in drift nets in significant numbers.																																														
The currently recognized species in this genus are: Drepane africana Osório, 1892 – African sicklefish Drepane longimana (Bloch & J. G. Schneider, 1801) – concertina fish Drepane punctata (Linnaeus, 1758) – spotted sicklefish   =																																														
Although they do not cast as easily or as far for surf fishing, they are a healthy alternative to lead for fishing from jetties or any situation where casting distance is not a prime consideration.																																														
Drift netting is a fishing technique where nets, called drift nets, hang vertically in the water column without being anchored to the bottom.																																														
The first noun of the compound must have the ending -u which according to the assimilation rules in Arabic – names in general is in the nominative case, assimilates the following a-, thus manifesting into ud-Din in Classical and Modern Standard Arabic.																																														
After her death, she was buried at St. James's Church in Hyde Park, New York after her death.																																														
Lukas Fugger was a very successful salesman and he was the chief of the Fugger company, but after all he made an essential mistake.																																														
From 1671 to 1671, he was Member of Parliament for Peterborough; the year his Kent office ended, he became Member of Parliament for Kent, an office which he held until 1681.																																														
His descendant, Sir Allan Maclean, 6th Baronet, became the Clan Chief when the previous chief died without an heir.																																														
The species is found from the western parts of the Sahara to Israel, Jordan, Egypt and most of the Arabian Peninsula.																																														
This represents a slight change from the APG system, of 1998  order Caryophyllales family Achatocarpaceae family Aizoaceae family Amaranthaceae family Ancistrocladaceae family Asteropeiaceae family Basellaceae family Cactaceae family Caryophyllaceae family Didiereaceae family Dioncophyllaceae family Droseraceae family Drosophyllaceae family Frankeniaceae family Molluginaceae family Nepenthaceae family Nyctaginaceae family Physenaceae family Phytolaccaceae family Plumbaginaceae family Polygonaceae family Portulacaceae family Rhabdodendraceae family Sarcobataceae family Simmondsiaceae family Stegnospermataceae family Tamaricaceae   =																																														
A lot of but not all Jabłonowski belong to the House of Jabłonowski  Stanisław Jan Jabłonowski (1634–1702), Field and Great Hetman of the Crown Anna Jabłonowska (1660–1727), mother of King  Stanisław I Leszczyński Marianna Jabłonowska (1708–1765), married to Jan Wielopolski Aleksander Jan Jabłonowski (d.																																														
Like his son to follow, Józef Białynia Chołodecki, Celestyn Chołodecki was a writer and frequent contributor to leaflets calling for Poland's independence from Russia.																																														
She was one of the wives of Herod the Great and the mother by Herod of Herod Antipas, Archelaus, and a daughter, Olympias.																																														
His father was Hector Og Maclean, 15th Clan Chief and his mother was a daughter of Sir Archibald Acheson, 1st Baronet.																																														
Elective co-parenting, also referred to as parenting partnerships or partnered parenting, may be used as a choice by individuals seeking to have children but who do not wish to enter into a conventional relationship.																																														
They may also contain medically-inactive additives for fragrance, such as wintergreen oil (methyl salicylate), or for other purposes.																																														
Heptanone may refer to the following ketones with seven carbon atoms the formula C7H14O:  2-Heptanone (Methyl amyl ketone) 5-Methyl-2-hexanone (Methyl isoamyl ketone) 4-Methyl-2-hexanone (Methyl 2-methylbutyl ketone) 3-Methyl-2-hexanone (Methyl 1-methylbutyl ketone) 3,3-Dimethyl-2-pentanone 4,4-Dimethyl-2-pentanone (Methyl neopentyl ketone) 3,4-Dimethyl-2-pentanone 3-Ethyl-2-pentanone 3-Heptanone 2,4-Dimethyl-3-pentanone (Diisopropyl ketone) 4-Heptanone 2-Methyl-3-hexanone (Isopropyl propyl ketone) 4-Methyl-3-hexanone (Ethyl sec-butyl ketone) 5-Methyl-3-hexanone (Ethyl isobutyl ketone)   =																																														
The most important amyl alcohol is isoamyl alcohol, the chief one generated by fermentation in the production of alcoholic beverages and a constituent of fusel oil.																																														
A fuddling cup is a three-dimensional puzzle in the form of a drinking vessel, made of three or more cups or jugs all linked together by holes and tubes.																																														
To protect alcohol tax revenue in the United States all preparations classified as Rubbing Alcohols (defined as those containing ethanol) must have poisonous additives to limit human consumption in accordance with the requirements of the US Treasury Department, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms, using Formula 23-H (8 parts by volume of acetone, 1.																																														
QG51AG01 Procaine benzylpenicillin, dihydrostreptomycin and sulfadimidine QG51AG02 Benzylpenicillin, dihydrostreptomycin and sulfadimidine QG51AG03 Tetracycline, neomycin and sulfadimidine QG51AG04 Ampicillin and oxacillin QG51AG05 Ampicillin and cloxacillin QG51AG06 Oxytetracycline and neomycin QG51AG07 Ampicillin and colistin   =																																														
ATCvet code QG51 Antiinfectives and antiseptics for intrauterine use is a therapeutic subgroup of the Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical Classification System for veterinary medicinal products, a system of alphanumeric codes developed by the World Health Organization (WHO) for the classification of drugs and other medical products for veterinary use.																																														
The name "rubbing" also emphasized that the alcohol was not intended for consumption, a significant distinction in Prohibition-era America; nonetheless it had become a well-documented surrogate alcohol as early as 1925.																																														
37) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction  acetone cyanohydrin                         ⇌                 {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons }    cyanide + acetoneHence, this enzyme has one substrate, acetone cyanohydrin, and two products, cyanide and acetone.																																														
A sippy cup is typically an intermediary between the transition between the bottle or breast to an open cup; however, some recommend skipping the sippy cup and transitioning directly to an open cup.																																														
However, the plural third-person personal pronouns were all replaced with Old Norse forms during the Middle English period, yielding "they," "them," and "their".																																														
Unlike in French, however, where such constructions are considered standard, English pronouns used in this way have caused dispute.																																														
In French, prepositions combine with disjunctive pronouns, which are also found in other syntactic contexts (see French disjunctive pronouns).																																														
There are three kinds of negative pronouns (отрицателни местоимения): personal (no(body)/none), for quality (no/none/no kind of/no type of) and for quantity (none/not any).																																														
Since personal pronouns may also agree in number and gender with their own antecedent or referent, the possessive forms may consequently show agreement with either the "possessor" or the "possessed", or both.																																														
was formed by Sergeant McLeod of the Sunshine Police and Mr. Frank O'Brien of the East Sunshine Youth Club.																																														
The adverbial case (abbreviated ADV) is a noun case in Abkhaz and Georgian with a function similar to that of the translative and essive cases in Finnic languages.																																														
Note that unlike in English, the object of possession is not moved to appear immediately after dont; that is, dont, unlike whose, is not a determiner.																																														
(compound-complex sentence)  Subjects: they, I, I, I Predicates: told me, won the contest, cried, didn't faint Subordinating conjunctions: when, that (implied or understood) Coordinating conjunction: butThis sentence contains two dependent clauses: "When they told me", and "(that) I won the contest", the latter which serves as the object of the verb "told".																																														
Since number and person are marked on Bulgarian verbs, the subject pronouns are used only for emphasis or to resolve ambiguity.																																														
) This is corrected so often that it has led to cases of hypercorrection, where the subject pronoun is used even in object position under coordination (e.g., Marie gave Susana and I a piece of cake.																																														
Groups that may be descended from the polychaetes include the oligochaetes (earthworms and leeches), sipunculans, and echiurans.																																														
In addition, all these insects have a five-membered tarsus and styli are present at their maximum at the two last abdominal segments.																																														
The species Marginopora vertebralis occupies similar habitats to reef-building corals, and may have an ecological relationship with the corals, serving as an alternate host to the zooxanthellae which sometimes get expelled by the corals under stressful conditions.																																														
Bacteriomes contain specialized cells, called bacteriocytes, that provide nutrients and shelter to the bacteria while protecting the host animal.																																														
The forewings are rounded, the base color is yellow-brown with darker markings, also some small, white spots.																																														
Ductuli aberrantes are two long narrow tubes, the ductulus aberrans inferior  and the ductulus aberrans superior.																																														
Males of the species become sexually mature 17 days after emergence, instead of 7 days for females, which suggests testes development is costly in time and energy.																																														
Mandibulata is currently believed to be the sister group of the clade Arachnomorpha, which comprises the rest of arthropods (Chelicerata and Trilobita).																																														
Lucas Friedrich Julius Dominikus von Heyden (22 May 1838, Frankfurt – 13 September 1915, Frankfurt) was a German entomologist specialising in beetles (Coleoptera).																																														
Like other members of the Anisolabididae family, this species has an elongated virga, a sclerotized tube that is part of the male genitalia.																																														
They share the evanioid trait of having the metasoma attached very high above the hind coxae on the propodeum.																																														
In the case of wax melted down, only the top surface has access to oxygen, so the fire progresses slowly.																																														
The fire, which was the largest of the 2006 California wildfire season, is the 17th largest fire in California history.																																														
The following table lists the 1990, 2005 and 2017 annual CO2 emissions estimates (in Megatonnes of CO2 per year) along with a list of calculated emissions per km2 (in tonnes of CO2 per year) and emissions per capita (in tonnes of CO2 per year).																																														
It is the disproportionation of carbon monoxide into carbon dioxide and graphite or its reverse: 2CO ⇌ CO2 + C The Boudouard reaction to form carbon dioxide and carbon is exothermic at all temperatures.																																														
For each of the carbon atoms in the chain there is a pair of hydrogen atoms such that the chemical formula is C11H22.																																														
The anaerobic bacterium Clostridium ljungdahlii produces ethanol and acetic acid from CO, CO2, and H2 in synthesis gas.																																														
At this level, the models encounter limits in knowledge about the composition of pyrolysis products and reaction pathways, in addition to gaps in basic understanding about some aspects of fire behavior such as fire spread in live fuels and surface-to-crown fire transition.																																														
The Alum Tulcea Power Station will be a large electricity producer in Romania, having 5 natural gas-fired groups of 50 MW each totalling an installed capacity of 250 MW and an electricity generation capacity of around 0.																																														
Certain industrial processes, such as petroleum refining, steel milling, and methods for producing carbon black, coke, ammonia, and methanol, discharge enormous amounts of waste gases containing mainly CO and H2 into the atmosphere either directly or through combustion.																																														
Air gas consists principally of carbon monoxide with nitrogen from the air used and a small amount of hydrogen.																																														
For the subsequent reaction at high temperatures, it is necessary to choose a suitable container material which is chemically inert to the reactants under the heating conditions used.																																														
He was heading home in a chauffeured car on Sussex Drive in Ottawa, when it collided with a vehicle driven by a seventeen-year-old male, pushing both vehicles into oncoming traffic.																																														
For instance, under the Australian Road Rules cyclists may legally perform a hook turn at any intersection unless otherwise signed.																																														
The categorisation wide tar refers to asphalt concrete-surfaced roads with at least two lanes (one lane in each direction).																																														
Rackham Lane, which later became St Margaret's Road, was laid out in 1879 as part of the Norham Manor estate.																																														
The Discovery Bridge is a pair of truss bridges carrying Missouri Route 370 across the Missouri River between St. Louis County and St. Charles County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.																																														
Shenton Avenue east /  Burns Beach Road (State Route 87) north, Ocean Reef and Iluka Hodges Drive, Ocean Reef  Oceanside Promenade (Tourist Drive 204), Ocean Reef and Mullaloo  Marmion Avenue (State Route 71), Ocean Reef, Mullaloo, Heathridge and Beldon Eddystone Avenue, Heathridge and Beldon Craigie Drive, Beldon  Mitchell Freeway (State Route 2), - Heathridge, Beldon, Edgewater and Woodvale  Joondalup Drive (State Route 85), Edgewater Edgewater Drive, Edgewater Trappers Drive, Woodvale  Wanneroo Road (State Route 60), Wanneroo, Woodvale, Pearsall and Wangara Hartman Drive south / Lenore Road north, Wangara and Pearsall  Gnangara Road (State Route 83 southwest / State Route 84 southeast) / Sydney Road northeast, Gnangara and Landsdale – southwest to Mirrabooka Avenue / southeast to Ellenbrook   =																																														
At the intersection of Island Road, Demara Road and Stephenson Point Road are a few historic structures: Scugog Island Hall (banquet facility built in 1884) Scugog Island United Church and Manse (built 1868) Scugog Island Centre School (built 1865)   =																																														
The Terrace Tunnel takes the Wellington Urban Motorway (SH1) under The Terrace in central Wellington, New Zealand.																																														
At the junction with the B1298, the road becomes a one-way system, with southbound traffic continuing to use Westoe Road, and to turn right onto the B1301 Dean Road, and northbound traffic using the more direct route of Imeary Street.																																														
The road is two-lane for its entire length, except for a short distance near the southwestern terminus, where, as Bryan Station Road, KY 57 is four lanes wide with a center turn lane for a fraction of a mile, then two lanes plus a center turn lane for another fraction of a mile.																																														
The road of this pass, named the Seven Passes Road, was built by Thomas Charles John Bain and his brother-in-law, Adam de Smidt, in 1867, and was used for over one century.																																														
Michael Lynch (born 1951) is the Director of the Biodesign Institute for Mechanisms of Evolution at Arizona State University, Tempe, Arizona.																																														
demonstrated the direct condensation of nucleobases with ribose to give ribonucleosides in aqueous microdroplets, a key step leading to RNA formation.																																														
Work in developmental biology has identified dynamical and physical mechanisms of tissue morphogenesis that may underlie such abrupt morphological transitions.																																														
Much of this is achieved by using molecular and microscopic techniques that allow the various components of a cell to be visualised as they interact in vivo.																																														
These studies resulted in a change in the prevailing scientific theory, from a static, 'wear and tear' view of metabolic processes, to a dynamic theory in which constant and rapid buildup and degradation of body constituents takes place.																																														
From 2015 to 2018 he was also the Chief Scientific Officer at GlobalYeast, a spin of company that will develop and deliver superior industrial strains.																																														
His evolutionary developmental biology book approaches the subject of the evolution of metazoan development from a cell lineage selection point of view.																																														
To address this problem, Wächtershäuser proposed that concentration might occur by concentration upon ("adsorption to") the surfaces of minerals.																																														
Studies have shown that synthetic catalytic scavengers have superoxide dismutase and catalase activities which prevented injuries from reactive oxygen species, helping promote the livelihood of tissues.																																														
In 2014, it was named the Molecule of the Year 2012 by the International Society for Molecular and Cell Biology and Biotechnology Protocols and Researches (ISMCBBPR).																																														
An ultrafast molecular process is any technology that relies on properties of molecules that are only extant for a very short period of time (less than 1e-9 seconds).																																														
The germ is rich in polyunsaturated fats (which have a tendency to oxidize and become rancid on storage) and so germ removal improves the storage qualities of flour.																																														
Vegetables, such as Java waterdropworts or scallions, are added and the mixture pan-fried in oil into a thin flat pancake.																																														
Major types include:  senbei okaki arare kaki no taneSome types of senbei may use wheat flour or barley flour instead of rice flour, for example tansan senbei, nanbu senbei and kawara senbei.																																														
Almond flour is usually made with blanched almonds (no skin), whereas almond meal can be made with whole or blanched almonds.																																														
(1989), The Use of Plant Genetic Resources, Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University Press, ISBN 0-521-34584-7 Bushuk, W; Rasper, Vladimir F (Aug 1994), Wheat: Production, Properties and Quality, Springer, ISBN 978-0-7514-0181-3 Donnelly, Brendan J; Ponte, Joseph G Jr (2000), "Pasta: raw materials & processing",  in Kulp, Karel; Ponte, Joseph G Jr (eds.																																														
The majority of farms producing Montina in the United States use non GMOs in the growing of the ricegrass or in the  processing of Montina.																																														
Once the endosperm is isolated, it is ground into a fine powder and sifted to remove any remaining fragments of bran or germ.																																														
It is used in pastry and confectionery – in the manufacture of almond macarons and macaroons and other sweet pastries, in cake and pie filling, such as Sachertorte – and is one of the two main ingredients of marzipan and almond paste.																																														
Bakery Mix is an add water only pre-mixed baking product consisting of flour,  dry milk,  shortening,  salt, and   baking powder (a leavening agent).																																														
Cuccìa, a Sicilian wheat berry dish Bulgur, another whole wheat preparation Frumenty, a dish made with boiled wheat berries Graham flour Borș, a fermented drink made from sprouted grain   =																																														
Sylvester Graham was a 19th-century health reformer who argued that a vegetarian diet, anchored by bread that was baked at home from flour that was made from whole wheat flour, was part of a healthful lifestyle that could prevent disease.																																														
It has a low aspect ratio and very low wing loading, meaning that its flight speed is likely slow but highly maneuverable.																																														
It contains two living species:  Lesser false vampire bat (Megaderma spasma) Greater false vampire bat (Megaderma lyra)Megaderma lyra has a larger wingspan than Megaderma spasma.																																														
The species is found only on the Korean Peninsula; it has been suggested that it may be a local form of Eptesicus bottae, Botta's serotine.																																														
The range of this subspecies is principally southwest desert regions of the United States, along the border with Mexico; however, the range extends as far north on the Pacific coast to Alameda County, California.																																														
Pallid bats are also more effective pollinators than some of the nectarivorous bats with whom they compete for cacti.																																														
Morphological and molecular variation within Little Big-eared bats of the genus Micronycteris (Phyllostomidae: Micronycterinae) from San Lorenzo, Ecuador.																																														
Species include:  Vampyressa elisabethae Melissa's yellow-eared bat (Vampyressa melissa) Southern little yellow-eared bat (Vampyressa pusilla) Vampyressa sinchi Northern little yellow-eared bat (Vampyressa thyone)   =																																														
Many moth species have a hearing organ called a tympanum, which responds to an incoming bat signal by causing the moth's flight muscles to twitch erratically, sending the moth into random evasive manoeuvres.																																														
Twenty one species are known: Alberico's broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus albericoi Slender broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus angustirostris Darien broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus aquilus Eldorado broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus aurarius Short-headed broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus brachycephalus Choco broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus chocoensis Thomas's broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus dorsalis Brown-bellied broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus fusciventris Guianan broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus guianensis Heller's broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus helleri Incan broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus incarum Buffy broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus infuscus Platyrrhinus ismaeli White-lined broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus lineatus Quechua broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus masu Matapalo broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus matapalensis Geoffroy's rayed bat, Platyrrhinus nigellus Western broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus nitelinea Recife broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus recifinus Shadowy broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus umbratus Greater broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus vittatus   =																																														
Genus Carollia – short-tailed leaf-nosed bats  Benkeith's short-tailed bat, C. benkeithi Silky short-tailed bat, C. brevicauda Chestnut short-tailed bat, C. castanea Colombian short-tailed bat, C. colombiana Manu short-tailed bat, C. manu Mono's short-tailed bat, C. monohernandezi Seba's short-tailed bat, C. perspicillata Sowell's short-tailed bat, C. sowelli Gray short-tailed bat, C. subrufa   =																																														
The closest relatives of Chaerephon jobimena of Madagascar are Tadarida aegyptiaca of Africa and southwest Asia, and Tadarida brasiliensis of the Americas, which form a clade believed to be about 9.																																														
The word Khatha, or "Gatha" in Pali, means "Speech", and thus the original meaning of the word implies that Khatha were used only as spoken language, and not written form.																																														
: 189 Malinowski argues that "the language of magic is sacred, set and used for an entirely different purpose to that of ordinary life".																																														
While not intended as magical words in that movie, they were used as such in the spoof horror movie Army of Darkness.																																														
No star polygons with fewer than 5 points exist, and the construction of a normal 5-pointed magic star turns out to be impossible.																																														
Khatha (Khmer: គាថា) (Thai: คาถา),  or "Gatha", as originally called in Pali Language), is the Khmer and Thai name used for Sacred Pali prayers, mantras and other magical incantations.																																														
: 235  Magical speech is therefore a ritual act and is of equal or even greater importance to the performance of magic than non-verbal acts.																																														
Open sesame – used by the character Ali Baba in the English version of a tale from One Thousand and One Nights.																																														
Although there is great variation in how spontaneously magic occurs, how difficult it is to wield, and how the guidelines to the magic are implemented, there are a handful of methods for introducing magic found in many fictional works.																																														
Azarath Metrion Zinthos, used by Raven in the DC Comics series Teen Titans, its 2003 TV series and its cartoon spin-off Teen Titans Go!																																														
Each winner of the 1964 Governor General's Awards for Literary Merit was selected by a panel of judges administered by the Canada Council for the Arts.																																														
In roasting meats, a pastry brush may be used to sop up juices or drippings from under pan and spread them on the surface of the meat to crisp the skin.																																														
On May 20th, 2020, American food writer and grilling authority Derrick Riches has called for a ban on the manufacture and sale of wire bristle grill cleaning brushes.																																														
The origins of the wire brush are unknown, although it is believed that the Romans used similar tools in the manufacture of roof tiles.																																														
In baking breads and pastries, a pastry brush is used to spread a glaze or egg wash on the crust or surface of the food.																																														
It is also used to clean surfaces and to create a better conductive area for attaching electrical connections, such as those between car battery posts and their connectors, should they accumulate a build-up of grime and dirt.																																														
Along with Huzhou ink brushes, Xuan writing brushes, and Daiyuexuan writing brushes, Houdian ink brushes are among the four most famous.																																														
Another way to attach the bristles to the surface can be found in a fused brush, in which instead of being inserted into a hole, a plastic fibre is welded to another plastic surface, giving the option to use different diameters of bristles in the same brush.																																														
Its uses include domestic applications in cleaning flooring and household dirt removal, and industrial uses in removing grease and dirt from engines.																																														
Traditional pastry brushes are made with natural bristles or a plastic or nylon fiber similar to a paint brush, while modern kitchen brushes may have silicone bristles.																																														
Elasterell (officially "elasterell-p") is an alternative to the generic term "polyester" for a specific subgroup of inherently elastic, multicomponent textile fibers.																																														
An issue with lamé is that it is subject to seam or yarn slippage, making it less than ideal for garments with frequent usage.																																														
Jersey is a weft knit fabric that is knitted on a single set of needles with all loops meshing in the same direction.																																														
Silk barathea, either all silk, or using cotton weft and silken warp, is widely used in the necktie industry.																																														
Sorbitan monostearate is used in the manufacture of food and healthcare products as a non-ionic surfactant with emulsifying, dispersing, and wetting properties.																																														
Established in 1968 in Yalova, Turkey, the company is the world's largest producer under one roof, with an annual production capacity of 308.																																														
Their structural properties and low cost per part have enabled LFRTs to replace metal parts in the automotive industry.																																														
Originally the pile of plush consisted of mohair or worsted yarn, but now silk by itself or with a cotton backing is used for plush, the distinction from velvet being found in the longer and less dense pile of plush.																																														
The Holland cloth, or simply Holland is a plainwoven or dull-finish linen used as furniture covering or a cotton fabric made more or less opaque by a glazed or unglazed finish (the Holland finish).																																														
Furthermore, it is possible to coat filament yarns with other metals than silver with the underlying coating technology of SwicoSilver yarns: Gold coated polyester yarns are for example no impossibility anymore.																																														
Fiberglass mesh is a neatly woven, crisscross pattern of fiberglass thread that can be used to create new products such as door screens, filtration components, and reinforced adhesive tapes.																																														
On 20 September 2012, the Supreme Court of Pakistan disqualified eleven lawmakers including Interior Minister Rehman Malik for failing to disclose their dual nationalities upon taking office.																																														
Holders of passports (or in certain cases ID cards) of the following 88 jurisdictions can enter Albania without a visa for a maximum stay of 90 days (unless otherwise noted): 1 - may enter using a national ID card or Irish passport card.																																														
Currently, the law on citizenship allows dual citizenship only in exceptional cases for those whose ancestors left Lithuania before its independence from the Soviet Union 1990, but still had Lithuanian citizenship in 1940.																																														
Citizens of the following 55 countries/territories who hold valid national passports are allowed to stay in South Africa for up to 90 days without a visa: 1 – Visa exemption applies for holders of ordinary passports only.																																														
The Residence Card comes in the form of a "Certificate of Registration" like any other issued by the GNIB, however a crucial distinction is made in that "Stamp 4 EUFam" is printed as the stamp number.																																														
He held the office of President of the United Nations Security Council four times: in November 2010, March 2012, June 2013, and August 2014.																																														
A person may acquire Slovenian citizenship by naturalization upon satisfying the following conditions:  a total of 10 years residence in Slovenia, including 5 years continuous residence before the application renunciation of foreign citizenship (or providing proof it will automatically be lost).																																														
If the daily quota is met, then subsequent applications will no longer be processed until the day with sufficient spaces is reached.																																														
Visa-free entry is also granted to limited categories of nationals of another neighboring country:   Mexico – Some nationals of Mexico do not need a visa to travel to the United States: government officials not permanently assigned to the United States and their accompanying family members, holding diplomatic or official passports, for stays of up to six months; members of the Kickapoo tribes of Texas or Oklahoma, holding Form I-872, American Indian Card; and crew members of Mexican airlines operating in the United States.																																														
If an EEA citizen is unable to present a valid passport or national identity card at the border, they must nonetheless be afforded every reasonable opportunity to obtain the necessary documents within a reasonable period of time or corroborate or prove by other means that they are covered by the right of free movement.																																														
As of 1 January 2017, Surinamese citizens had visa-free or visa on arrival access to 74 countries and territories, ranking the Surinamese passport 65th in terms of travel freedom (tied with Botswana passport) according to the Henley visa restrictions index.																																														
Like other North American prairie ecoregions, the Northern tall grasslands once supported large herds of bison (Bison bison) and elk (Cervus canadensis), which were hunted by the gray wolf (Canis lupus) and coyote (Canis latrans).																																														
An alpine steppe of Caragana pygma, C. gerardiana, Lonicera spinosa, Juniperus squamata, Juniperus indica, Ephedra gerardiana, Hippophae tibetana, Myricaria rosea, Lonicera spinulosa, and Berberis can be found in drier parts of the ecoregion.																																														
Fermilab's 6,800 acres (28 km2) sit a top fertile farmland and the prairie restoration project consists of approximately 1,000 acres (4.																																														
A steppe belt  is a contiguous phytogeographic region of predominantly grassland (steppe), which has common characteristics in soil, climate, vegetation and fauna.																																														
In Florida, sandhills receive 130 cm (51 in) cm of rainfall per year, just like the more hydric ecosystems surrounding them.																																														
Ham Hill is a hill and area of chalk downland in Wiltshire, England, on the steep banks running alongside the road from the village of Ham to Buttermere, close to the Berkshire border.																																														
The Wyoming Basin shrub steppe ecoregion, within the deserts and xeric shrublands biome, is a shrub steppe in the northwestern United States.																																														
A feature of the site is grassland characterised by downy oat-grass, Avenula pubescens, this being a vegetation type which nationally has a scattered distribution on lowland limestones and which is rare in County Durham.																																														
This ecoregion is home to a very diverse assortment of butterflies, birds, and mammals, due in part to its proximity to the subtropics.																																														
The original soil of the grasslands was soft and absorbed rain readily, but heavy continuous stock grazing drove a degradation sequence that shifted the botanical composition of native grasslands from an ecosystem regulated by large, perennial tussock grasses such as Themeda triandra (Kangaroo Grass) to one containing abundant disturbance tolerant native grasses such as Rytidosperma spp.																																														
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, caves, and arable land.																																														
This DJ mix has an overall hip hop feel, but some tracks, specifically "Under Pressure", "A Friend", and "Showpiece", are more precisely rhythm and blues.																																														
12""That's What Little Girls Are Made Of" — 3:15Cassette"That's What Little Girls Are Made Of"— 3:15Vinyl, 12""That's What Little Girls Are Made Of" (Extended Dub Remix) — 5:25 "That's What Little Girls Are Made Of" (Bogle Mix) — 3:52 "That's What Little Girls Are Made Of" (Raggamuffin Dub Semi-Instrumental) — 3:56CD Single, Vinyl, 12", Promo"That's What Little Girls Are Made Of" (Album Version) — 5:25 "That's What Little Girls Are Made Of" (Album Dub Version) — 3:52 "That's What Little Girls Are Made Of" (Dub Remix Radio Edit) — 5:28 "That's What Little Girls Are Made Of" (Boogie Mix) — 3:52 "That's What Little Girls Are Made Of" (Extended Dub Instrumental) — 5:27 "That's What Little Girls Are Made Of" (Raggamuffin Dub Semi-instrumental) — 3:56   =																																														
All I Need is a song by American R&B singer Sterling Simms from his debut studio album, Yours, Mine & The Truth.																																														
It showcases Nujabes' style of combining the music genres of hip hop and jazz, and features artists Funky DL, Apani B, Substantial, Shing02, L-Universe, Pase Rock, Five Deez, and Cise Starr.																																														
The song peaked at #8 on the Billboard Hot Rap Singles chart, #67 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, and #55 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart.																																														
Rap Rebirth was founded in 2008 by Jesse Kramer while studying film and business at the University of Southern California.																																														
The lines "Right about now" and "I wanna rock right now" as well as the beat are sampled from Rob Base and DJ E-Z Rock's 1988 song "It Takes Two".																																														
2000 - Basstard 2002 - Daniel X – eine schwarze deutsche Geschichte ("Daniel X – A Black German Story") 2003 - Unaufhaltsam ("Unstoppable") 2006 - F.F.M. (Flame F.M.) 2008 - .																																														
Following the duo's breakthrough in 1989 with the house music remix of the track "Debajo Del Olivo", subtitled Mix in Spain, they released a full-length album with the same title, including the mainpart of the Carne De Melocotón album in dancefloor friendly re-interpretations with influences from contemporary music genres like acid house, hip hop and rap, featuring samples from tracks like M.A.R.R.S.' "Pump Up the Volume", Eric B. & Rakim's "Paid in Full" and beats from James Brown's "Funky Drummer".																																														
Vibe wrote, "Terius Nash's new leadoff record from "Love King" has no "-ellas," but it's still much of the same: fingersnaps, repetition, and an unescapable catchphrase (you don't know me like that!																																														
It is one of the shrines in the Engishiki, which was written in 8th century, and the official history of the shrine says that it was founded in 610.																																														
On 29 January 2020, a new world record for the longest handshaking relay was set by approximately 1,817 people in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates at Umm Al Emarat Park in an event organized by the Abu Dhabi Police to celebrate the 1 year anniversary of the signing of the Document on Human Fraternity for World Peace and Living Together in the city.																																														
Takao Shrine (高雄神社, Takao-jinja) was a Shinto shrine located in the former Takao City (now Kaohsiung), Takao Prefecture, Taiwan during the Japanese rule period.																																														
Tomas competed at 2008 Summer Olympics, where she finished 67th in 2:49:39, about ten minutes behind her personal record (2:39:26).																																														
Fred sjunger Bellman (English: Fred sings Bellman) is an album by the Swedish folk singer-songwriter and guitar player Fred Åkerström and contains his interpretations of Carl Michael Bellman.																																														
United Kingdom CD single  "Hands Up (4 Lovers)" (7" Mix) "Hands Up (4 Lovers)" (The Morning Mix) "Hands Up (4 Lovers)" (The Radio/Club Mix) "Bingo"   =																																														
From an early date, to guard against any abuse of this form of salutation, women and men were required to sit separately, and the kiss of peace was given only by women to women and by men to men, with closed mouths.																																														
Such a kiss is mentioned five times in the concluding section of letters in the New Testament:  Romans 16:16—"Greet one another with a holy kiss" (Greek: ἀσπάσασθε ἀλλήλους ἐν φιλήματι ἁγίῳ).																																														
When Māori greet one another by pressing noses, the tradition of sharing the breath of life is considered to have come directly from the gods.																																														
The Epic of Gilgamesh in Sumerian literature features its hero Gilgamesh establishing his credibility as a leader after wrestling Enkidu.																																														
He also appears, with other Rakan except for Binzuru sonja, in the Temples and Monasteries of Zen Buddhism, where they are shown as models to be emulated.																																														
The egg-shaped plastic chicken shake, filled with steel shot and available in varying tones depending on the size and quantity of shot.																																														
Though there are many different sorts of rattles, some music scores indicate simply a rattle (or the corresponding terms French claquette, hochet; Ger.																																														
The use of the raven rattle, like the one pictured to the right, always implies power, which when used in dances, symbolize the status of the chief, who has a hereditary right to use the rattle.																																														
The material is important, but more important is the arrangement of the sounding parts that strike together when the implement is shaken.																																														
During the Predynastic and Old Kingdom periods rattles gained handles and different shapes and were made out of different materials such as basket, wood, and stone.																																														
Mild TBI, including concussion, often occurs during athletic activity, military service, or as a result of untreated epilepsy, and its effects are typically short-term.																																														
Lacerations require greater physical force to cause than contusions,  but the two types of injury are grouped together in the ICD-9 and ICD-10 classification systems.																																														
Aortic dissection Ballistic trauma Blunt splenic trauma Blunt trauma personal protective equipment Geriatric trauma Pediatric trauma Stab wound Transmediastinal gunshot wound   =																																														
Though it is more likely to cause infection, penetrating trauma is similar to closed head injury such as cerebral contusion or intracranial hemorrhage.																																														
They fall into two groups: streptogramin A and streptogramin B. Members include:  Quinupristin/dalfopristin Pristinamycin Virginiamycin NXL 103, an experimental streptogramin in clinical trials for the treatment of respiratory tract infections.																																														
Stroke can produce focal damage that is associated with signs and symptoms that correspond to the part of the brain that was damaged.																																														
Flexible elastic soft tissues, such as muscle, intestine, skin, and blood vessels, are good energy absorbers and are resistant to tissue stretch.																																														
Dog bites are commonplace, with children the most commonly bitten and the face and scalp the most common target.																																														
Tetanus toxoid treatment is recommended in those whose vaccinations are not up to date and have a bite that punctures the skin.																																														
Known causes of duodenitis include: Helicobacter pylori infection Coeliac disease Bacterial infection Viral infection NSAIDs Autoimmune diseases (i.e. Crohn's disease) Duodenal lymphocytosis Idiopathic   =																																														
A radiologic sign is an objective indication of some medical fact (that is, a medical sign) that is detected by a physician during radiologic examination with medical imaging (for example, via an X-ray, CT scan, MRI scan, or sonographic scan).																																														
The shrub is found in mountain thickets and dense forests of China in the Gansu, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hubei, Hunan, Shaanxi, Sichuan, Yunnan S Zhejiang.																																														
Levenhookia pusilla, the midget stylewort or tiny stylewort, is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Levenhookia (family Stylidiaceae).																																														
It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico where it grows mainly in dry habitat, such as the Sonoran and Mojave Deserts.																																														
& Hook.f.) A.Gray - from Veracruz to Guatemala Oxylobus oaxacanus S.F.Blake - Oaxaca, Chiapas Oxylobus preecei B.L.Turner - Oaxaca,  Puebla Oxylobus subglabrus R.M.King & H.Rob.																																														
It is a spreading to dense, prostrate shrub with oblong to narrowly elliptic leaves and clusters of eight to twelve, pink or red flowers.																																														
Gray) S.F.Blake  Arizona (Pima, Santa Cruz, Cochise Counties), Sonora, Sinaloa, Chihuahua, Baja California Sur Coreocarpus congregatus (S.F.Blake) E.B.Sm.																																														
Geranium clarkei, called Clarke's geranium, is a species of flowering plant in the family Geraniaceae, native to India and cultivated for use in gardens.																																														
One species, Enemion biternatum, is native to eastern and central North America, while Enemion occidentale, stipitatum, hallii, and savilei are native to the West Coast of the United States and Canada.																																														
It is an herbaceous perennial growing to 50 cm (20 in) in height, with deeply cut 7-lobed leaves and white or purple flowers with pink veining in summer.																																														
Dermatophyte infections occur in up to a quarter of the world's population, of which the hands and feet are most commonly involved.																																														
Cornell's sign is a clinical sign in which scratching along the inner side of the extensor hallucis longus tendon elicits an extensor plantar reflex.																																														
The Prausnitz–Küstner test (PK test, Prausnitz-Küstner reaction) is an immunologic test formerly used by physicians to determine if a patient has an allergic reaction to a specific antigen.																																														
Genus Castriimonaspis W. Hirschmann, 1984 Castriimonaspis castrii (Hirschmann, 1972) Genus Clausiadinychus Sellnick, 1930 Clausiadinychus cristatus Sellnick, 1930 Clausiadinychus pulcherrimus Hutu, 1991 Clausiadinychus quadricaudatus Hirschmann, 1973 Clausiadinychus sellnicki Hutu, 1991 Clausiadinychus similicristatus Hirschmann, 1973 Genus Dinychus Kramer, 1886 Dinychus arcuatus (Trägårdh, 1943) Dinychus austeni (Hirst, 1923) Dinychus bincheaecarinatus Hirschmann, Wagrowska-Adamczyk & Zirngiebl-Nicol, 1984 Dinychus camponoti Wisniewski & Hirschmann, 1983 Dinychus carinatus Berlese, 1903 Dinychus crassus Trägårdh, 1910 Dinychus dentatus Ma, 2003 Dinychus dilatatus Ma, 2000 Dinychus feideri Hutu, 1973 Dinychus fustipilis Sellnick, 1945 Dinychus greensladeae Bloszyk & Halliday, 1995 Dinychus hispanicus Hirschmann & Zirngiebl-Nicol, 1969 Dinychus inermis (C.L. Koch, 1841) Dinychus kaluzi Masan, 1999 Dinychus kielczewskii Wisniewski, 1992 Dinychus kurosai Hiramatsu, 1978 Dinychus micropunctatus Evans, 1955 Dinychus onishii Hiramatsu, 1980 Dinychus onishii Hiramatsu, 1980 Dinychus ornatus (Fox, 1957) Dinychus perforatus Kramer, 1886 Dinychus ruseki Athias-Binche, Bloszyk & Olszanowski, 1989 Dinychus sellnicki Hutu, 1973 Dinychus septentrionalis (Trägårdh, 1943) Dinychus stratus Sellnick, 1945 Dinychus stratus Sellnick, 1945 Dinychus subcorticalis Wisniewski & Hirschmann, 1994 Dinychus sublaevis (Trägårdh, 1943) Dinychus tetraphyllus Berlese, 1903 Dinychus tetraphyllus Berlese, 1903 Dinychus undulatus Sellnick, 1945 Dinychus woelkei Hirschmann & Zirngiebl-Nicol, 1969 Genus Iphidinychus Berlese, 1913 Iphidinychus balazyi Hirschmann & Wisniewski, 1992 Iphidinychus gaieri (Schweizer, 1961) Iphidinychus johnstoni (Hirschmann, 1979) Iphidinychus kakumeiensis Hiramatsu & Hirschmann, 1992 Iphidinychus manicatas Berlese, 1913 Iphidinychus sudeticus Hirschmann, 1992 Genus Leiodinychus Berlese, 1917 Leiodinychus krameri (G.																																														
Ornithonyssus campester Micherdzinski & Domrow, 1985 Ornithonyssus capensis Shepherd & Narro, 1983 Ornithonyssus conciliatus (Radovsky, 1967) Ornithonyssus costai Micherdzinski, 1980 Ornithonyssus dasyuri Domrow, 1983 Ornithonyssus desultorius (Radovsky, 1966) Ornithonyssus flexus (Radovsky, 1967) Ornithonyssus garridoi de-la-Cruz, 1981 Ornithonyssus hypertrichus Radovsky, 2007 Ornithonyssus jayanti (Advani & Vazirani, 1981) Ornithonyssus kochi (Fonseca, 1948) Ornithonyssus latro Domrow, 1963 Ornithonyssus longisetosus Micherdzinski, 1980 Ornithonyssus lukoschusi Micherdzinski, 1980 Ornithonyssus matogrosso (Fonseca, 1954) Ornithonyssus noeli de-la-Cruz, 1983 Ornithonyssus nyctinomi (Zumpt & Patterson, 1951) Ornithonyssus petauri Micherdzinski, 1980 Ornithonyssus pereirai (Fonseca, 1935) Ornithonyssus pipistrelli (Oudemans, 1904) Ornithonyssus praedo Domrow, 1971 Ornithonyssus roseinnesi (Zumpt & Till, 1953) Ornithonyssus simulatus Micherdzinski, 1980 Ornithonyssus spinosa Manson, 1972 Ornithonyssus stigmaticus Micherdzinski & Domrow, 1985 Ornithonyssus sylviarum (G.																																														
Auricular eczema is an eczema of the ear that may involve the helix, postauricular fold, and external auditory canal, with the most frequently affected site being the external canal, where it is often a manifestation of seborrheic dermatitis or allergic contact dermatitis.																																														
You may also see small segments lying around where the animal has been that have exited through the anus.																																														
The birds chiefly affected are galliformes (chickens and turkeys), passerines (finches, canaries, sparrows, robins, wrens), and psittacine birds (parrots, macaws, parakeets, budgerigars).																																														
The rash often appears on the cheeks first and may later spread throughout the face, trunk, arms, and legs.																																														
These mites affect various species, including cats, dogs, rabbits, cattle, sheep, and horses, causing skin inflammation, scabs, crusting, and hair loss.																																														
Ivermectin is used for demodex mites requiring up to four treatments to eradicate in humans; although only one treatment is usually given to dogs to reduce mite count.																																														
Some of these VOCs are considered as potentially hazardous under federal regulations However, synthetic versions of the same compound as a natural essential oil are usually very comparable.																																														
Rose oil, jasmine absolute, tuberose absolute, tobacco absolute, orris root oil, ambrette seeds oil, angelica root oil, and orange flower oil are valuable and expensive fragrance and flavor ingredients.																																														
Writers of the classical Greek and Roman period made several allusions to cave-dwelling tribes in different parts of the world.																																														
Eastern Washington University Press (EWU Press) was a publishing house formed in the 1970s that was a part of Eastern Washington University.																																														
To allergic or otherwise sensitive people, synthetic fragrance oils are often less desirable than plant-derived essential oils as components of perfume.																																														
Base oils commonly used for maceration include almond oil, sunflower oil, and olive oil as well as other food-grade triglyceride vegetable oils, but other oils undoubtedly are used as well.																																														
Raw materials are typically heated up to 250 °F (121 °C) to make the pressing more efficient, otherwise the pressing itself will heat the oil to 185–200 °F (85–93 °C).																																														
Brassée de fleurs dans une jardinière Les Cerisiers en fleurs en Normandie Country Landscape with Flowering Trees Feeding Time In the Shelter of the Stack Intérieur de Paris.																																														
There are three primary types of plant oil, differing both the means of extracting the relevant parts of the plant, and in the nature of the resulting oil:  Vegetable fats and oils were historically extracted by putting part of the plant under pressure, squeezing out the oil.																																														
An oil seed ram press is also known as an oil ram press  and it extracts the oil out of oil seeds.																																														
Vervio is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 120 kilometres (75 mi) northeast of Milan and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of Sondrio, on the border with Switzerland.																																														
Dormelletto is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) northeast of Turin and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Novara.																																														
Stimigliano is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Rieti in the Italian region Latium, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) north of Rome and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) southwest of Rieti.																																														
Riva di Solto (Bergamasque: Rìa de Sólt) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northeast of Milan and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) east of Bergamo, on the western shore of the Lake Iseo.																																														
Its name "della Battaglia" derives from the battle which took place in the small town, between Garibaldi's Hunters of the Alps or "Cacciatori delle Alpi" and Austrian militaries in 1857.																																														
Pasturana is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southeast of Turin and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) southeast of Alessandria.																																														
Sangiano is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northwest of Milan and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) northwest of Varese.																																														
Hollywood Heartbreakers is a 1985 pornographic film featuring Amber Lynn, Beverly Bliss, Gina Valentino, Nicole West, Traci Lords, Craig Roberts, David Sanders, Greg Rome, Rick Savage, Peter North, Tony Martino and Ron Jeremy.																																														
Cernusco Lombardone (Brianzöö: Cernösch) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of Milan and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Lecco.																																														
The municipality of Caprino Bergamasco contains the frazioni (subdivisions, mainly villages and hamlets) Sant'Antonio d'Adda, Celana, Opreno, Perlupario, Formorone and Ombria.																																														
Gazzola (Piacentino: Gaśöla, IPA: [gaˈzøːlɐ] or [gaˈzoːlɐ]) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Piacenza in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about 150 kilometres (93 mi) northwest of Bologna and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) southwest of Piacenza.																																														
Unlike the more common bifacial cambium found in later woody plants, the unifacial cambium does not produce phloem to its exterior.																																														
The closing of pome lenticels can arise when the cuticle over the stomata opening or the substomatal layer seals.																																														
Cork has many uses including wine bottle stoppers, bulletin boards, coasters, hot pads to protect tables from hot pans, insulation, sealing for lids, flooring, gaskets for engines, fishing bobbers, handles for fishing rods and tennis rackets, etc.																																														
It can be isolated from Caragana chamlagu and from Caragana sinica and from the stem bark of Dryobalanops aromatica.																																														
The inclusion of lignin makes the secondary cell wall less flexible and less permeable to water than the primary cell wall.																																														
Cork cell walls contain suberin, a waxy substance which protects the stem against water loss, the invasion of insects into the stem, and prevents infections by bacteria and fungal spores.																																														
The cortex is composed mostly of large thin-walled parenchyma cells of the ground tissue system and shows little to no structural differentiation.																																														
For example, cellulose is an unbranched homopolysaccharide made up of glucose monomers connected via beta-glycosidic linkages; glycogen is a branched form, where the glucose monomers are joined by alpha-glycosidic linkages.																																														
In botany, the trunk (or bole) is the stem and main wooden axis of a tree, which is an important feature in tree identification, and which often differs markedly from the bottom of the trunk to the top, depending on the species.																																														
The expected masses found in mass spectrometry in quebracho tannin are 561, 833, 1105, 1377, 1393, 1651, 1667.																																														
Frequently, it is difficult to distinguish the middle lamella from the primary wall, especially in cells that develop thick secondary walls.																																														
By 1948 the private gardens were reportedly identified as "one of the ten best cactus and succulent gardens in the world".																																														
Chatham University Arboretum (32 acres) is an arboretum located on the campus of Chatham University at Woodland Road, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.																																														
1 m) high clock tower, nine recreation centres, two small gardens, two stone gardens and ten feet wide buggy road and footpaths.																																														
There are 500 variations of rhododendrons and rhododendron hybrids on the grounds, in addition to 1,600 trees and shrubs, mostly of native varieties.																																														
A farmer's garden was created in 1998, a rose garden in 1999–2000, and in 2001 an herb garden was created in cooperation with the pharmaceutical company Ratiopharm.																																														
The Bracken Hill house and gardens had been established in 1886 by Melville Wills, a noted benefactor to Bristol University.																																														
5 acres (10,000 m2) are botanical gardens located in Historic Ward-Meade Park at 124 NW Fillmore Street, Topeka, Kansas, United States.																																														
Later, the gardens became used for study purposes and they hosted an extensive collection of ornamental plants, cultivated plants with economic potential, and rare plants.																																														
It currently contains about 1300 species in its greenhouse (243 m2), and some 700 species outdoors, arranged into four major sections as follows:  Systematic - species arranged by botanic classification, with subsections for Pterophyta, Angiospermophyta, Monocotyledons, Dicotyledons Exotic plants Useful plants - subsections for fruits, medicinal plants, aromatic plants, and miscellaneous Theme gardens - ornamental plants in an aquatic garden, English garden, Italian garden, Japanese garden, Mediterranean garden, rock garden, and shade garden.																																														
Plants of interest include arbutus, beech, Cedar of Lebanon, liquidambar, oak, redwood, collections of roses and ophrys of Aveyron, and displays of about 10,000 flowering plants renewed twice a year.																																														
It has particular strengths in pelargoniums and roses, and its national collection of carnations has been recognized by the Conservatoire français des collections végétales spécialisées (CCVS).																																														
Natural polyphenols molecular formulas represent a class of natural aromatic organic compounds in which one or more hydroxy groups are attached directly to the benzene ring, generally formed from C, H and O.The entries are sorted by mass.																																														
This is itself a mixed group: one member has been found to have resulted from a lemon crossing with a citron/pomelo hybrid, a second member is a micrantha/citron mix.																																														
The distinctive sour taste of lemon juice makes it a key ingredient in drinks and foods such as lemonade and lemon meringue pie.																																														
Main classes of sugar acids include:  Aldonic acids, in which the aldehyde group (−CHO) located at the initial end (position 1) of an aldose is oxidized.																																														
Lemons need a minimum temperature of around 7 °C (45 °F), so they are not hardy year-round in temperate climates, but become hardier as they mature.																																														
Rough lemon, a citron-mandarin cross, cold-hardy and often used as a citrus rootstock Sweet lemons or sweet limes, a mixed group including the lumia (pear lemon), limetta, and Palestinian sweet lime.																																														
The sweet lemons and sweet limes are not derived from either lemons or the more common limes, nor do they represent a monophyletic grouping, having arisen from distinct citrus hybridizations.																																														
Esters of propane-1,2,3-tricarboxylic acid are found in natural products such as the mycotoxins fumonisins B1 and B2 and AAL toxin TA, and in macrocyclic inhibitors of Ras farnesyl-protein transferase (FPTase) such as actinoplanic acid.																																														
Those are:  2,3-Dihydroxybenzoic acid (2-Pyrocatechuic acid or hypogallic acid) 2,4-Dihydroxybenzoic acid (β-Resorcylic acid) 2,5-Dihydroxybenzoic acid (Gentisic acid) 2,6-Dihydroxybenzoic acid (γ-Resorcylic acid) 3,4-Dihydroxybenzoic acid (Protocatechuic acid) 3,5-Dihydroxybenzoic acid (α-Resorcylic acid)Orsellinic acid is also a dihydoxybenzoic acid having an extra methyl group.																																														
In 1747, James Lind's experiments on seamen suffering from scurvy involved adding lemon juice to their diets, though vitamin C was not yet known as an important dietary ingredient.																																														
Cerebellar strokes account for only 2-3% of the 600,000 strokes that occur each year in the United States.																																														
According to the National High-School Sports-Related Injury-Surveillance System, High-School RIO, an estimated number of 51,943 excessive-heat illnesses occurred in nine of the high-school sports observed between 2005, 2011, and 2020.																																														
The Japan Open Golf Championship (日本オープンゴルフ選手権競技, Nihon ōpun gorufu senshu kenkyōgi) is Japan's national open golf championship.																																														
Growing evidence also suggests the existence of a second pathway underlying heat stroke that involves heat and exercise-driven endotoxemia.																																														
These are the official results of the Men's 200 metres event at the 1995 IAAF World Championships in Gothenburg, Sweden.																																														
The Japan Open is one of the three richest tournaments on the Japan Golf Tour, with a prize fund of ¥210 million in 2021; it is also the tour's designated "Flagship event" for the purposes of the Official World Golf Ranking, with a minimum winner's points allocation of 32 points.																																														
PNU-22394 is a drug which acts as an agonist at serotonin 5-HT2 receptors, with strongest binding affinity for 5-HT2A and 5-HT2C and slightly weaker at 5-HT2B, although it is only a full agonist at 5-HT2C, but partial agonist at 5-HT2A and 5-HT2B.																																														
David Lodge has described it as: "the rendering of the consciousness of a person confined in a small, bare, white room, a person who is evidently under extreme duress, and probably at the last gasp of life".																																														
These are the official results of the Men's 200 metres event at the 1993 IAAF World Championships in Stuttgart, Germany.																																														
NE is present if the average strength of the contractions of the distal esophagus is greater than 180 mmHg but the contraction of the esophagus is otherwise normal.																																														
He conducted operas in which Maria Callas sang, as well as concerts with such great pianists as Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli and Dinu Lipatti.																																														
The output of the ducal printer, Baldini, consisted largely of music written for the concerto delle donne, including the works of the foremost madrigalists: Luzzaschi, Gesualdo, and Alfonso Fontanelli.																																														
Baisha is a town located ten kilometres north of Lijiang, and was the capital of the independent Naxi kingdom before it was annexed by the Yuan Empire in 1271.																																														
She was mainly associated with contemporary music, and especially with the work of Pierre Boulez, several of whose writings she translated.																																														
Until 2001, Georgi Atanasov Military Music School was an institution of the Bulgarian People's Army and the Bulgarian Armed Forces for military musicians.																																														
Roman Carnival Overture, Berlioz "Journey Suite", Wintory "Firebird Suite (1919)", Stravinsky "Analog Intelligence", Faegre "Symphony No.																																														
Mikael Grafström plays guitar and is from Ångermanland, Sweden; Fiddler Olof Gothlin is from Värmland, Sweden; Benjamin R. Teitelbaum is from Evergreen, Colorado and plays nyckelharpa.																																														
He holds undergraduate and graduate degrees from Yale University, where he studied with Mel Powell and Gunther Schuller.																																														
The company has won several important arts awards in Taiwan and received international acclaim for their performances at various music festivals throughout the world.																																														
His range of interests encompasses early music, contemporary composition, jazz and improvisation, and he has worked with a wide variety of orchestras in the UK and Europe.																																														
König Alfred, heroic opera in four acts (Weimar, 9 March 1851) Die Parole, comic opera in three acts Dame Kobold, comic opera in three acts (Weimar, 1870) Benedetto Marcello, lyric opera in three acts, loosely on the life of the composer Benedetto Marcello.																																														
It contains the following species:  African blue flycatcher (Elminia longicauda) White-tailed blue flycatcher (Elminia albicauda) White-bellied crested flycatcher (Elminia albiventris) White-tailed crested flycatcher (Elminia albonotata) Dusky crested flycatcher (Elminia nigromitrata)   =																																														
There are currently 11 recognized species in this genus: Hypleurochilus aequipinnis (Günther, 1861) (Oyster blenny) Hypleurochilus bananensis (Poll, 1959) Hypleurochilus bermudensis Beebe & Tee-Van, 1933 (Barred blenny) Hypleurochilus brasil Pinheiro, Gasparini & Rangel, 2013 Hypleurochilus caudovittatus Bath, 1994 (Zebratail blenny) Hypleurochilus fissicornis (Quoy & Gaimard, 1824) Hypleurochilus geminatus (W.																																														
Hemitriakis abdita Compagno & Stevens, 1993 (deepwater sicklefin houndshark) Hemitriakis complicofasciata T. Takahashi & Nakaya, 2004 (ocellate topeshark) Hemitriakis falcata Compagno & Stevens, 1993 (sicklefin houndshark) Hemitriakis indroyonoi W. T. White, Compagno & Dharmadi, 2009 (Indonesian houndshark) Hemitriakis japanica (J.																																														
While modern guineafowl species are endemic to Africa, the helmeted guineafowl has been introduced as a domesticated bird widely elsewhere.																																														
It contains two similar species:  See-see partridge, Ammoperdix griseogularis Sand partridge, Ammoperdix heyiThe see-see partridge occurs in southwest Asia, and the sand partridge in Egypt and the Middle East.																																														
Arrhenechthites alba / Arrhenechthites albus  - New Guinea Arrhenechthites haplogyna / Arrhenechthites haplogynus  - New Guinea Arrhenechthites hydrangeoides  - Sulawesi Arrhenechthites mixta / Arrhenechthites mixtus  - New South Wales, Victoria Arrhenechthites novoguineensis  - New Guinea Arrhenechthites tomentella / Arrhenechthites tomentellus - New Guinea   =																																														
The classification "pheasant" is paraphyletic, as birds referred to as pheasants are included within both the subfamilies Phasianinae and Pavoninae, and in many cases are more closely related to smaller phasianids, grouse, and turkey (formerly classified in Perdicinae, Tetraoninae, and Meleagridinae) than to other pheasants.																																														
Established by Johann Georg Wagler in 1832, it contains two species: Plumed guineafowl, Guttera plumifera Crested guineafowl, Guttera pucheraniThe name Guttera is a combination of the Latin words gutta, meaning "spot" and -fera, meaning "bearing" (from ferre: to bear).																																														
The grey-chested babbler (Kakamega poliothorax), also known as the grey-chested kakamega or grey-chested illadopsis, is a species of bird in the family Modulatricidae.																																														
There are two recognized subspecies:  G. p. plumifera (Cassin, 1857)  - Cameroon plumed guineafowl - southern Cameroon to Congo Basin, northern Gabon, and northern Angola G. p. schubotzi (Reichenow, 1912) - Schubotz's plumed guineafowl - northern Zaire to East African Rift and forests west of Lake Tanganyika   =																																														
As of August 2019 it contains ten species, found only in the Philippines, Indonesia, and Papua New Guinea: Philates chelifer (Simon, 1900) – Indonesia (Java, Borneo) Philates courti (Zabka, 1999) – New Guinea Philates grammicus Simon, 1900 (type) – Philippines, Indonesia Philates platnicki (Zabka, 1999) – New Guinea Philates proszynskii (Zabka, 1999) – New Guinea Philates rafalskii (Zabka, 1999) – New Guinea Philates szutsi Benjamin, 2004 – Borneo Philates thaleri Benjamin, 2004 – Borneo Philates variratae (Zabka, 1999) – New Guinea Philates zschokkei Benjamin, 2004 – Indonesia   =																																														
Hale suggested that the sunspot cycle period is 22 years, covering two polar reversals of the solar magnetic dipole field.																																														
CME radiation is dangerous to astronauts on a space mission who are outside the shielding produced by the Earth's magnetic field.																																														
While acknowledging that the next solar maximum will not necessarily produce unusual geomagnetic activity, astrophysicist Michio Kaku took advantage of the media focus on the 2012 phenomenon to draw attention to the need to develop strategies for coping with the terrestrial damage that such an event could inflict.																																														
The star is moving away from the Earth with a heliocentric radial velocity of +22 km/s, having come as close as 246 light-years some 2.																																														
Citation: "For seminal contributions in plasma astrophysics, including predicting the solar wind, explaining the solar dynamo, formulating the theory of magnetic reconnection, and the instability which predicts the escape of the magnetic fields from the galaxy".																																														
Similar to the Kelvin scale, which was first proposed in 1848, zero on the Rankine scale is absolute zero, but a temperature difference of one Rankine degree (°R or °Ra) is defined as equal to one Fahrenheit degree, rather than the Celsius degree used on the Kelvin scale.																																														
In the UTC time standard, a minute on rare occasions has 61 seconds, a consequence of leap seconds (there is a provision to insert a negative leap second, which would result in a 59-second minute, but this has never happened in more than 40 years under this system).																																														
It is defined as the volume integral of the scalar product of                                    f                          {\displaystyle \mathbf {f} }    and its curl                         ∇         ×                                 f                                     {\displaystyle \nabla \times {\mathbf {f} }}   :                                    H                                       f                                          =																																														
Hewish considered various possibilities, and suggested that irregularities in the solar corona would cause scattering by refraction and could produce the irregularities he observed.																																														
10–150 picoseconds – rotational correlation times of a molecule (184 g/mol) from hot to frozen water 100 picoseconds - Unit Interval of a 10 Gbps serial communication link, such as USB 3.																																														
The link contains a troublesome vertical bar; if it does not work properly try the link’s parent page and select nuclear magneton from the displayed list.																																														
On the grounds of the Mountain Home Veterans Administration Center, the cemetery was established in 1903 as part of the National Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, a federal old soldiers' home.																																														
The southward-facing statue has been said to be "defiant", with its back to the North, its defiant gaze, and its proud mustache.																																														
The main cemetery was founded in February 1915 by field ambulances and troops in the area after the closure of the Dickebusch Old Military Cemetery a short distance away.																																														
Juan Manuel Benfield founded the Cemetery in honor of his sister who died in Veracruz shortly after she had arrived from London with their parents.																																														
Slate Hill Burying Ground (also known as Old Slate Hill Burying Ground and Yardley Cemetery) is a historic cemetery in Lower Makefield Township, Pennsylvania, with most of its graves dating to 18th century Quaker settlers.																																														
Salzburger Kommunalfriedhof Sebastiansfriedhof Jüdischer Friedhof Salzburg Friedhof Maxglan Friedhof Aigen Friedhof Gnigl Friedhof Leopoldskron Friedhof Morzg Friedhof Liefering Friedhof Mülln Friedhof des Stiftes Nonnberg Soldatenfriedhof im Nonntaler Donnenbergpark   =																																														
At the Ohel, visitors have a tradition of writing kvitlach – prayers on small pieces of paper – which are then torn up and tossed onto the graves.																																														
The Story of Aldershot (A History and Guide to Town and Camp), Cole, Ltnt Col Howard N, OBE TD, 1951, Gale & Polden   =																																														
Private Robert Knox Sneden, parts of his 5,000 page memoir and numerous drawings during his service in the Civil War were published in Eye of the Storm: A Civil War Odyssey.																																														
The site is believed to have been used as a burial ground as early as the Indian Wars, but did not become an official cemetery until March 15, 1933, when it was used to inter those who died in the nearby veterans' hospitals.																																														
The cemetery was established in 1863, by an order from Major General George Henry Thomas after the Civil War Battles of Chattanooga, as a place to inter Union soldiers who fell in combat.																																														
Where the disease is very common, widespread vaccination is not recommended as all people typically develop immunity through infection during childhood.																																														
Species include  Glugea anomala Glugea atherinae Glugea capverdensis - a parasite of the fish Myctophum punctatum Glugea caulleryi - a parasite of the greater sand eel Hyperoplus lanceolatus (a teleost fish) Glugea heraldi - a parasite of the seahorse Hippocampus erectus Glugea hertwigi - a parasite of the smelts Osmerus eperlanus and Osmerus mordax Glugea merluccii - a parasite of the fish Merluccius hubbsi Glugea nagelia - a parasite of the yellowfin hind, Cephalopholis hemistiktos Glugea plecoglossi Glugea sardinellensis - a parasite of fish of the genus Sardinella Glugea shiplei - a parasite of fish of the genus Trisopterus Glugea stephani - a parasite of the winter flounder Pseudopleuronectes americanus (a pleuronectid flatfish) Glugea vincentiae - a parasite of the Australian marine teleost fish, Vincentia conspersa Glugea weissenbergi   =																																														
MDAs are now targeted at high-risk populations, specifically non-immune migratory workers who receive repeated courses during the high transmission season.																																														
It is related to the following species Plasmodium asanumPlasmodium circumflexumPlasmodium duraePlasmodium fallaxPlasmodium formosanumPlasmodium gabaldoniPlasmodium lophraePlasmodium lophraePlasmodium pediocettiPlasmodium pinottiPlasmodium polare   =																																														
Mosquito vectors of this parasite include Anopheles introlatus, Anopheles kochi, Anopheles lesteri, Anopheles letifer, Anopheles leucosphyrus, Anopheles maculatus,  Anopheles roperi, Anopheles riparis macarthuri, Anopheles sinensis, Anopheles sundaicus, Anopheles umbrosus and Anopheles vagus.																																														
The recent spread of Dengue can also be attributed to rapid population growth, increased coagulation in urban areas, and global travel.																																														
Anti-malarial drug resistance has been defined as: "the ability of a parasite to survive and/or multiply despite the administration and absorption of a drug given in doses equal to or higher than those usually recommended but within tolerance of the subject.																																														
Most merozoites continue this replicative cycle, however some merozoites upon infecting red blood cells differentiate into male or female sexual forms called gametocytes.																																														
Relapsing fever is a vector-borne disease caused by infection with certain bacteria in the genus Borrelia, which is transmitted through the bites of lice or soft-bodied ticks (genus Ornithodoros).																																														
The bovine viral diarrhoea virus (bovine virus diarrhea) is said to be recrudescent for some time after clinical signs have abated, because antibodies plateau c. weeks 10–12, and are not lifelong, auto infection may potentially occur in the acutely infected non-pregnant animal.																																														
It is thought that they can be more effective than conventional B-cell vaccines for protection from microbes that hide inside host cells, and viruses (such as HIV or influenza) that mutate rapidly.																																														
There are 1 or 2 houses and about 20 caves, on both sides of the valley, inhabited by Qaras of the Ahl 'Umr section.																																														
The station artwork by American sculptor Richard Nonas consists of seventeen granite "benches" placed along the platform, as well as a red clinker floor and red-painted shotcrete walls alluding to the red brick buildings in Skarpnäck.																																														
The station opened on 9 March 1903 when the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway opened their Letterkenny and Burtonport Extension Railway, from Letterkenny to Burtonport.																																														
The station closed to passengers on 26 September 1938, though the line remained open for goods traffic until 21 January 1952.																																														
It also has Holton Road School which is the biggest primary school in the vale and it was built in 1895.																																														
This railway operates on 15 miles (24 km) of track, with much of its original rolling stock built as early as 1898.																																														
Ardglass Marina, also known as Phennick Cove Marina, is situated in Ardglass, County Down, one of three major fishing ports in Northern Ireland.																																														
Yonago Station (米子駅, Yonago-eki) is a railway station on the Sanin Main Line in Yonago, Tottori Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).																																														
The station was opened as part of the Drammen Line on 15 July 1937, but in 1973 the new Lieråsen Tunnel opened through Lieråsen, and the old part of the Drammen Line was transformed to a commuter train line.																																														
The line was built by Kristiania Sporveisselskap and opened for horsecars in 1878 from Stortorvet to Grünerløkka, and was extended on 12 April 1879 to St. Halvards Plass.																																														
The station is built in neo-normand architecture and is a terminus for two railway lines, the main line from Paris by Lisieux and the Côte Fleurie branchline to Dives-Cabourg.																																														
Burst transmission enables communications between data terminal equipment (DTEs) and a data network operating at dissimilar data signaling rates.																																														
The Mundaú originates in the Borborema Plateau of Pernambuco state, and flows southeast through Pernambuco and Alagoas states to empty into the Mundaú Lagoon at Maceió, Alagoas' capital.																																														
The lagoon is surrounded by a densely populated region containing palmyra palms, coconut palm, grassland, rice paddies, arid scrubland and open forest.																																														
2007 V. sensillis Bovee & Sawyer 1979 V. septentrionalis Page 1980 V. simplex (Wohlfarth-Bottermann 1960) Bovee 1965 V. weinsteini (Sawyer 1975) Smirnov et al.																																														
In the 1980s, the term "data burst" (and "info burst") was used for a technique used by some United Kingdom and South African TV programmes to transmit large amounts of primarily textual information.																																														
Canal 3 (semi-national) Naţional 4 (semi-national) Pervyi Pridnestrovsky (Transnistria) ProTV Chișinău (national), retransmits programmes of Pro TV (Romania) Publika TV (semi-national) STS Mega (semi-national), retransmits programmes of STS (Russia) Super TV (semi-national), retransmits programmes of SET (Russia) TSV (TV channel) (Transnistria) TV Gagauzia (Gagauzia), retransmits programmes of TRT Avaz (Turkey) TV Pink (Moldova) (semi-national) (coming soon) TVR Moldova (national), retransmits programmes of the Romanian Television channels TV8 (Moldova) (Chișinău and Bălți), retransmits programmes of NTV (Russia) Realitatea TV (semi-national)   =																																														
The lagoon attracts a wide variety of water birds including American flamingoes, ducks, gulls, terns and other shorebirds.																																														
IEC 61883 Consumer Audio/Video Equipment - Digital Interface is a technical standard for a digital interface that is used by IEEE 1394 (FireWire) devices for audio and video equipment.																																														
61883-1 General61883-2 SD-DVCR data transmission61883-3 HD-DVCR data transmission61883-4 MPEG2-TS data transmission61883-5 SDL-DVCR data transmission61883-6 Audio and music data transmission61883-7 Transmission of ITU-R BO.																																														
A fire in 1929 left the house gutted, but a project to preserve and stabilise the remains has been undertaken by the Maxwell at Glenlair Trust.																																														
It was built about 1704 and is a four bay, one story dwelling which has a saltbox profile and massive central chimney.																																														
It was built in 1893 and is significant as an early example in New York State of the octagon prototype popularized by Elliot Stewart in the 1870s.																																														
Its windows, some still with original surrounds, are narrower and taller than typical for the period.																																														
The Prairie Style house was completed in 1919, and is distinguished by its prominent horizontal lines, broad eaves on a complex hip roof with dormers on each of the four elevations radiating from the roof peak.																																														
The house has historic connections to Henry Flagler, Andrew Anderson, and Martin J. Heade who were often guests of the Stanburys.																																														
The building, is classified as a "Category I" ("places of special or outstanding historical or cultural heritage significance or value") historic place by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.																																														
It established the New Zealand Historic Places Trust for the purpose of preserving, marking and recording places of historic interest in New Zealand.																																														
It has the typical five-bay center-entry layout with a large central chimney, with corner pilasters and a frieze below the roofline.																																														
The Onawa IOOF Opera House, also known as the Onawa Opera House, is a historic opera house located in Onawa, Iowa.																																														
One of the founders of the Copenhagen interpretation, Werner Heisenberg, wrote:  Of course the introduction of the observer must not be misunderstood to imply that some kind of subjective features are to be brought into the description of nature.																																														
The zone is one hour behind Hawaii-Aleutian Time Zone and one hour ahead of the Howland and Baker islands, and 23 hours behind Wake Island Time Zone.																																														
The idea is for an observer at some event in p's past to set a computer (Turing machine) to work on some task and then have the Turing machine travel on                         λ                 {\displaystyle \lambda }   , computing for all eternity.																																														
For accurate astronomical work on land, it was usual to observe sidereal time rather than solar time to measure mean solar time, because the observations of 'fixed' stars could be measured and reduced more accurately than observations of the Sun (in spite of the need to make various small compensations, for refraction, aberration, precession, nutation and proper motion).																																														
Instead of switching between UTC+08:00 in winter and UTC+09:00 in summer, Irkutsk Time became fixed at UTC+09:00 until 2014, when it was reset back to UTC+08:00 year-round.																																														
The third competition weekend of the 2009–10 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was held in the Vikingskipet, Hamar, Norway, from Saturday, 21 November, until Sunday, 22 November 2009.																																														
It is the gravitational singularity and the Planck time where relativity theory fails to provide what must be demanded of a final theory of space and time.																																														
TAI in this form was synchronised with Universal Time at the beginning of 1958, and the two have drifted apart ever since, due primarily to the slowing rotation of the Earth.																																														
Time appears to have a direction – the past lies behind, fixed and immutable, while the future lies ahead and is not necessarily fixed.																																														
The relational theory of space is a metaphysical theory according to which space is composed of relations between objects, with the implication that it cannot exist in the absence of matter.																																														
Civil time in most of those countries is defined with reference to Greenwich Mean Time (now an alias for UTC±0, rather than an independent reference).																																														
Rengger described a grayish-white skin with faint shades of markings on the belly and flanks, the claws had been white according to the hunter who shot the animal.																																														
Gymnobucco is a bird genus in the African barbet family (Lybiidae), which was formerly included in the Capitonidae and sometimes in the Ramphastidae (toucans).																																														
The Erramala hills lie on the Deccan plateau, running east–west and dividing the basin of the Penna River to the south from the basin of the Krishna River to the north.																																														
Most of the almost 170 described species occur in Africa, with many others found in the Palearctic region from Europe to Japan.																																														
The Sumatran clouded leopard (Neofelis diardi diardi) is a subspecies of the Sunda clouded leopard and is native to the Indonesian islands of Sumatra and Batu.																																														
It is endemic to the island of Waigeo in Indonesia, and consequently the spelling Waigeo cuscus is often used instead of Waigeou cuscus.																																														
It is one of the rarest and most endangered of all dipterocarps, with a population size of only twelve individuals, threatened mostly by habitat loss.																																														
Viverricula malaccensis muriavensis also by Sody in 1931 was also a male specimen collected near Keling north of Gunung Muria in Central Java.																																														
The short fur of Johnston's genet is rich golden to ochre yellowish with small reddish spots on the sides, a dark stripe along the spine and dark limbs.																																														
Examples of animals with coloring patterns termed leopard include many great cats in the genus Panthera, the leopard frog, the "leopard" spotting pattern in the Appaloosa and Knabstrupper breeds of horses, the leopard seal, insects such as the giant leopard moth, and fish species such as the leopard darter, leopard shark, and the leopard eel.																																														
It flows 446 km from the east flank of the Greater Khingan Range into the Nen River at Nenjiang, through the Morin Dawa Daur and the Oroqin Autonomous Banner of the vast Hulunbuir Municipality.																																														
For men, this interpretation typically includes dress shirt, necktie, trousers, and dress shoes, possibly worn with an odd-coloured blazer or a sports coat.																																														
This is a list of years in England, including the Kingdom of England (927–1649, 1660–1707), Commonwealth of England (1649–1653, 1659–1660), The Protectorate (1653–1659) and England as part of the Kingdom of Great Britain and United Kingdom (from 1707).																																														
Examples of ceremonial dress include:  royal cloak (ermine lined), crown and scepter of a monarch court dress, such as the robe and wig worn by British judges diplomatic uniform the full dress uniforms of military personnel (or ceremonial suit of armour) religious clothing, such as liturgical vestments folk costume or tribal reserved for the most formal occasions academic dress Wedding clothing, including wedding dresses   =																																														
The Beatle suit, inspired by Pierre Cardin's collarless jackets, derived from Edwardian suits and the Indian Nehru jacket.																																														
The only outer coat prescribed for both black- and white-tie events is the army blue cape with branch colour lining.																																														
An obvious example is masculine jewelry, which was once considered shocking or titillating even in casual circles, and is now hardly noteworthy in semi-formal situations.																																														
Wikipedia contains a calendar of saints listed by the day of the year on which they are traditionally venerated, as well as a Chronological list of saints and blesseds, listed by their date of death.																																														
The Prince Albert top frock, from the later half of the 19th century, originally had a three-inch-wide velvet collar, and flap pockets at the hip, until 1893, when it became even more fitted, longer, and double-breasted.																																														
The Western wear category of clothing reflects the style worn in 19th-century clothes for both men and women in the 1940s and 1950s, singing cowboys, such as Gene Autry and Roy Rogers, wore stylized clothes that were popularized in Western films and television.																																														
In the 1920s, very fashionable men would often wear double-breasted waistcoats (with four buttons on each side) with single-breasted coats.																																														
The look of the camora changed over time, starting out with a high waist and low neckline at the beginning of the century and gradually becoming low-waisted and high-necked by the end.																																														
This list is adapted from the "Catalogue of the Craneflies of the World (Diptera, Tipuloidea: Pediciidae, Limoniidae, Cylindrotomidae, Tipulidae)".																																														
); Reymondiinae Bandel, 1998 tribe Syrnolopsini Bourguignat, 1890 tribe Tiphobiini Bourguignat, 1886 - synonyms: Hilacanthidae Bourguignat, 1890; Paramelaniidae J. E. S. Moore, 1898; Bathanaliidae Ancey, 1906; Limnotrochidae Ancey, 1906A nomenclator of all Paludomidae was published in 2019.																																														
All tribes and selected genera only are shown here:  Tribe Brunniellini Kevan, 1963 - Philippines Tribe Chapmanacridini Kevan & Akbar, 1964 - W. Africa Tribe Fijipyrgini Kevan, 1966 - Fiji Tribe Geloiini Bolívar, 1905 - Madagascar Tribe Gymnohippini Kevan & Akbar, 1964 - Madagascar Tribe Ichthiacridini Kevan, Singh & Akbar, 1964 - Mexico Tribe Ichthyotettigini Kevan, Singh & Akbar, 1964 - Mexico Tribe Malagasphenini Kevan & Akbar, 1964 - Madagascar Tribe Mitricephalini Kevan & Akbar, 1964 - Malesia Tribe Nereniini Kevan, 1964 - Vietnam, PNG Genus Nerenia: Nerenia francoisi Bolívar, 1905 (monotypic) Genus Megradina: Megradina festiva Storozhenko, 2004 (monotypic) Tribe Orthacridini Bolívar, 1905 - E. Africa, Madagascar, India, Indo-China Genus Kuantania Miller, 1935 Genus Neorthacris Kevan & Singh, 1964 Genus Orthacris Bolívar, 1884 Tribe Popoviini Kevan & Akbar, 1964 - E. Africa to India Genus Popovia Uvarov, 1952 Tribe Psednurini Burr, 1904 - Australia Tribe Sagittacridini Descamps & Wintrebert, 1966 - Madagascar Tribe Verduliini Kevan & Akbar, 1964 - Philippines to PNG   =																																														
Molytinae includes the following tribes:  In many older treatments, the Bagoinae, Cryptorhynchinae, Hyperinae, Lixinae and Mesoptiliinae are included in the Molytinae as "tribus groups", as well as the Itini which are otherwise considered a tribe of the Curculioninae.																																														
Pitkin, Brian & Jenkins, Paul (2004): Butterflies and Moths of the World, Generic Names and their Type-species – Eumasia.																																														
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979 ISBN 0-00-216906-1 Marshall, B.A. 1983: Acremodontinae: a new subfamily of the Trochidae (Mollusca: Gastropoda).																																														
The others have the characteristic wide flat bill adapted to dredging-type jobs such as pulling up waterweed, pulling worms and small molluscs out of mud, searching for insect larvae, and bulk jobs such as dredging out, holding, turning head first, and swallowing a squirming frog.																																														
Antanartia schaeneia Catacroptera cloanthe Hypolimnas anthedon Hypolimnas deceptor Hypolimnas misippus Junonia hierta Junonia natalica Junonia oenone Junonia orithya Junonia terea Junonia tugela Precis antilope Precis archesia Precis ceryne Precis octavia Protogoniomorpha parhassus Salamis anacardii Vanessa cardui Vanessa dimorphica Vanessa hippomene 		 		 		 		   =																																						
Trichophaga amina Meyrick, 1925, Trichophaga desertella Mabille, 1907) Trichophaga cuspidata Gozmány, 1967 Trichophaga mormopis Meyrick, 1935 Trichophaga robinsoni Gaedike & Karsholt 2001 (=																																														
The family Arctiidae was lowered in rank to the subfamily Arctiinae, and consequently, the three tribes became subtribes (with the -ina suffix).																																														
Ahmetia (formerly called Cowania), sometimes placed here, rather seems to belong to the Cheritrini however, but these are probably the Horagini's closest living relatives.																																														
As many as 120 other wadis lead to this valley, which contains a natural park extending from Wilayat Dima W'attayyeen in the Sharqiyah region to the Wilayat of Qurayyat in the Governorate of Muscat.																																														
Herbert Loch (5 August 1886 – 28 October 1976) was a German general in the Wehrmacht during World War II who commanded the XXVIII Corps and the 18th Army.																																														
A wide and fertile wadi, its rich wildlife includes a novel species of diving beetle, Hydroglyphus sinuspersicus, which was first discovered and documented by a joint Czech/Austrian team working in the Wadi Fara in 2009.																																														
Hans-Ludwig Speth (7 October 1897 – 30 April 1985) was a German general during World War II who commanded the 28th Jäger Division.																																														
2014 Genus Gangtoucunia Luo & Hu 1999 (Chengjiang deposits) Gangtoucunia aspera Luo & Hu 1999 (May not be a priapulid) Genus Lagenula Luo & Hu 1999 nomen dubium (Chengjiang deposits)Lagenula striolata Luo & Hu 1999 nomen dubium Genus Laojieella Han et al.																																														
Some of the most prominent wadis are:  Wadi Asmah Wadi Al Banat Wadi Debayan Wadi Diyab Wadi Ghirban Wadi Huwaila Wadi Lusail   =																																														
German Cross in Gold (24 January 1943) Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 1 February 1945 as Generalmajor and commander of 1 Panzer-Division   =																																														
Friedrich-Wilhelm von Loeper (3 August 1888 – 7 October 1983) was a German general (Generalleutnant) in the Wehrmacht during World War II who commanded several divisions.																																														
All these hills are devoid of vegetation and have wide intervening plains, dry river beds and water channels.																																														
Ralph Graf von Oriola (9 August 1895 – 28 April 1970) was a German general in the Wehrmacht during World War II who commanded the XIII.																																														
Gustav Harteneck (27 July 1892 – 13 January 1984) was a German general  in the Wehrmacht during World War II.																																														
Vacuously true statements that can be reduced (with suitable transformations) to this basic form (material conditional) include the following universally quantified statements:                         ∀         x         :         P         (         x         )         ⇒         Q         (         x         )                 {\displaystyle \forall x:P(x)\Rightarrow Q(x)}   , where it is the case that                         ∀         x         :         ¬         P         (         x         )                 {\displaystyle \forall x:\neg P(x)}   .																																														
De Morgan's laws – specifically the law that a universal statement is true just in case no counterexample exists:                         ∀         x                  P         (         x         )         ≡         ¬         ∃         x                  ¬         P         (         x         )                 {\displaystyle \forall x\,P(x)\equiv \neg \exists x\,\neg P(x)}    Empty sum and empty product Empty function Paradoxes of material implication, especially the principle of explosion Presupposition, double question State of affairs (philosophy) Tautology (logic) – another type of true statement that also fails to convey any substantive information Triviality (mathematics) and degeneracy (mathematics)   =																																														
In infix notation, unlike in prefix or postfix notations, parentheses surrounding groups of operands and operators are necessary to indicate the intended order in which operations are to be performed.																																														
Since one can easily imagine a world where Bill Gates is a Medicine graduate and Elvis is dead, this formula is false.																																														
These examples, one from mathematics and one from natural language, illustrate the concept of vacuous truths:  "For any integer x, if x > 5 then x > 3".																																														
However, the direct encoding of this formula in classical logic using material implication leads to:  Bill Gates graduated in Medicine → Elvis never died.																																														
Gough Island (area: 91 km2, 35 sq mi), situated 395 km (245 mi) south east of the main island, is also considered part of the territory.																																														
The hotspot created the Sala y Gómez Ridge which includes Easter Island, Salas y Gómez Island and the Pukao Seamount which is at the ridge's young western edge.																																														
It is believed that this tombstone dates back to the 18th century and belongs to one of the royals of the Maldives.																																														
There are many islands and numerous reefs in the Sound, the largest being Berneray, Pabbay, Ensay and Killegray.																																														
Acanthodoris nanaimoensis, the Nanaimo horned dorid, is a species of dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Onchidorididae.																																														
The group is named after its highest volcano but also includes volcanoes called Berg, Trezubetz (which erupted in 1924) and Borzov.																																														
Bird Key is a barrier island in Sarasota Bay, south of the John Ringling Causeway, between mainland Sarasota and St. Armands Key.																																														
The Aiyohok Islands are an island group located in the Coronation Gulf, south of Victoria Island, in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.																																														
Bitis arietans somalica (Somali: Abeeso) also known as the Somali puff adder, is a venomous viper subspecies found only in Somalia, Somaliland, eastern Ethiopia, and northern Kenya.																																														
The island of Annobón is part of the Cameroon line of volcanoes, together with the islands of São Tomé Island, Príncipe, Bioko, and Mount Cameroon on the African mainland.																																														
Eilean Ighe is one of 43 tidal islands that can be walked to from the mainland of Great Britain and one of 17 that can be walked to from the Scottish mainland.																																														
Amerkhanov was described as a "very close and trusted official" and ally of the President of Ingushetia, Yunus-bek Yevkurov, who survived an assassination attempt in June 2009.																																														
The investigation's name is a reference to two governing bodies in Illinois: one board controlling the Teacher's Pension System, and the second being the Health Facilities Planning Board.																																														
Indicted on 23 May 2006 for 'illegally taking interest' André Santini, Nouveau Centre mayor by Issy-les-Moulineaux (Hauts-de-Seine), indicted on 3 June for 'illegally taking interest'   =																																														
Resource Extraction in the Democratic Republic of Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo passport Corruption in AngolaGeneral:  Crime in the Democratic Republic of the Congo Kleptocracy International Anti-Corruption Academy Group of States Against Corruption International Anti-Corruption Day ISO 37001 Anti-bribery management systems United Nations Convention against Corruption OECD Anti-Bribery Convention Transparency International   =																																														
Paulo Pedroso requested a compensation of 600,000 euros from the Portuguese Republic on the grounds that his arrest was illegal and destroyed his political career.																																														
Institute for Economics and Peace Global Peace Index ranked 70 out of 144 United Nations Development Programme| Human Development Index ranked  90 out of 182   =																																														
A New York Times article in 2010, citing "officials in Kabul and Washington," reported that Salehi was on the payroll of the Central Intelligence Agency.																																														
that the New York City Police Department had failed at every level to uproot corruption and had instead tolerated a culture that fostered misconduct and concealed lawlessness by police officers".																																														
Amongst other things, the Commission found that in the social services delivery sector, some public servants receive bribes as a means of supplementing their meager incomes, which in turn helped them to meet their financial obligations (petty corruption).																																														
With a budget upwards of hundreds of millions of Euros, AICEP is one of the strongest forces in the foreign investment field in Portugal.																																														
It was founded on 7 February 2005 as a groupement d'intérêt public, and has acquired the status of établissement public à caractère administratif on 1 August 2006.																																														
Description of two new species of the genus Pygmaepterys Vokes, 1978 and report of Typhis (Talityphis) bengalensis (Radwin & D'Attilio, 1976) (Gastropoda: Muricidae), from the Gulf of Aden.																																														
These are medium sized to large gouramies that are seldom kept in aquariums due to their aggression and relative lack of the color common to the gouramies.																																														
It is 7,328 metres (24,042 ft) long and 700 metres (2,300 ft) wide, officially a part of the Enoraen Village in Kupang.																																														
Its color also makes the emerald tree monitor highly prized in both the pet trade and zoos alike.																																														
The two hybridise with each other and the large knob at the base of the beak, a noticeable feature of the Chinese goose, is present to a varying extent in these hybrids.																																														
These birds have shorter breast bones and larger breasts, sometimes rendering them unable to breed without human assistance (typically via artificial insemination).																																														
The best studied water monitor population of the Philippines is that of Calauit ( Gaulke 1989 ), a small islet belonging to the Calamian Island Group at the north-easterly margin of Palawan Province.																																														
A problem with using eggs for this purpose is that people with egg allergies are unable to be immunised, but this disadvantage may be overcome as new techniques for cell-based rather than egg-based culture become available.																																														
Initially it was reported to originate from the Obi Islands, but this was only an intermediate wildlife trade station.																																														
Breeding takes place from December to March, and clutches of up to 11 eggs are laid; the eggs incubate three to four months, depending on the average temperature.																																														
Scaly leg, caused by the mite Knemidocoptes mutans Infestation by Dermanyssus gallinae, the red poultry mite Infestation by Echidnophaga gallinacea, the sticktight flea   =																																														
A marketer plays the role of an integrator in the sense that he collects feedback and vital inputs from other channel members and consumers and provides product solutions to customers by coordinating multiple functions of the organization.																																														
The limitation of consumption inevitably results in capital accumulation, therefore, for Weber, the Puritan's idea of the calling and ascetic conduct contributed to development of capitalism: saving is an ascetic activity.																																														
The farm gate value of a cultivated product in agriculture and aquaculture   is the market value of a product minus the selling costs (transport costs, marketing costs).																																														
Because it is still a new field, authoritative data on the benefits of demand optimization is not widely available, although suppliers offer case studies of early adopters which claim rapid return on investment, especially in the optimization of the timing and level of price markdowns.																																														
Market failure may occur because of imperfect knowledge, differentiated goods, concentrated market power (e.g., monopoly or oligopoly), or externalities.																																														
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau director Richard Cordray, championing meaningful regulation for the financial industry, used the term confusopoly to refer to large financial institutions (Cordray 2014, 4'04"4'26") :  There's actually an economic term for this; it's called "Confusopoly".																																														
The CET is the corollary CES function, where the production possibilities of the firm (industry) are a function of different combination of supply activities.																																														
Money  Currency Community currency Dollar Local currency Petrocurrency Reserve currency Time-based currency Yen United States dollar Monetary reform Monetary system Money supply   =																																														
Lindahl tax is the optimal quantity times the willingness to pay for one more unit of that good at this quantity.																																														
At any lesser quantity of output, marginal profit is positive and so profit can be increased by producing a greater amount; likewise, at any quantity of output greater than the one at which marginal profit equals zero, marginal profit is negative and so profit could be made higher by producing less.																																														
01, the auctioneer receives 6,000 for the 6,000 bids and 60 as the final price, a total of 6,060, a profit of 5,060.																																														
Corporate email can be a particularly dangerous method of gossip delivery, as the medium is semi-permanent and messages are easily forwarded to unintended recipients; accordingly, a Mass High Tech article advised employers to instruct employees against using company email networks for gossip.																																														
Other writers have expressed a view that the name Pomponius Sextus was shared by another jurist, although Puchta (Cursus der Institution, vol.																																														
Gossip can: reinforce – or punish the lack of – morality and accountability reveal passive aggression, isolating and harming others serve as a process of social grooming build and maintain a sense of community with shared interests, information, and values begin a courtship that helps one find their desired mate, by counseling others provide a peer-to-peer mechanism for disseminating information   =																																														
Brotherhood among the Sahaba refers to the time after the Hijra [Muhammad's migration from Mecca to Medina] when the Islamic prophet Muhammad instituted brotherhood between the emigrants (Muhajirun) and the natives of Medina, the Ansar (literally "helpers"), and he chose Ali as his own brother.																																														
These are organised by American Cinematheque, an independent, non-profit cultural organization in Los Angeles dedicated exclusively to the public presentation of the moving image in all its forms.																																														
Bouguerra Soltani (Arabic: أبو جرة سلطاني) (also Abu Jerra Sultani and other spellings) (born in 1954 in Tébessa Province) was the leader of the Algerian party Mouvement de la Societé pour la Paix (Movement of the Society for Peace, abbreviated MSP or Hamas), which is reformist-Islamist and considered close to the doctrine of the Muslim Brotherhood.																																														
The anonymous author of the Muratorian canon considered this epistle as spurious, along with the Epistle to the Laodiceans, and both of them are stated to have been "forged in Paul's name to [further] the heresy of Marcion".																																														
The Interception of Communications Bill of 2006 is a Zimbabwean bill that proposes to allow government agencies to intercept telephonic, e-mail and cellphone messages.																																														
The 26 communication practices are as follows: In 2012, Jungmi Jun, an assistant professor of the School of Journalism and Mass Communications, University of South Carolina published her article "Why Are Asian Americans Silent?																																														
The cases of miscommunication vary depending on the situation and persons included in it, but often result in confusion and frustration.																																														
Computer-mediated communication Conversation Mail Mass media Book Film Journalism News media Newspaper Technical writing Video Telecommunication   (outline) Morse Code Radio Telegraphy Telephone Television Internet Verbal communication Writing Social Network   =																																														
Psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud made the concept of the unconscious popular; and he based most of his theories on psychoanalysis on the concept.																																														
Babrow identified four distinct manifestations, or forms, of problematic integration:  Divergence Ambiguity Ambivalence ImpossibilityThe first of these integrative predicaments, divergence, arises when there is a discrepancy between what we believe to be true or to be likely to occur and what we want to be true (the desired outcome).																																														
Ministry of Communications and Mass Media (Russia) Department of Communications (South Africa) Ministry of Communications (Soviet Union), the central state administration body on communications in the Soviet Union from 1946 to 1991 Ministry of Communications (Trinidad and Tobago) Ministry of Communications (India) (2016–Present)   =																																														
Interpersonal unconscious communication includes unintentional facial expressions, body language, tone of voice, and speech patterns while interacting with another individual that the other individual interprets for their own knowledge.																																														
When a person uses internal attributions, they infer that a person is behaving in a certain way or that an event is occurring due to factors related to the person's character more than their situational context.																																														
The Bill also requires that operators of telecommunications services install software and hardware to enable interception of communication and storing of  information specified by the government.																																														
The Zhao general Pang Nuan defeats the army of the State of Yan and kills its general Chu Xin.																																														
The denomination 241 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.																																														
The denomination 374 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.																																														
Troilus of Elis wins two equestrian events at the Olympic Games, which leads to referees being banned from competing in the Games.																																														
The denomination 554 BC for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.																																														
27 March – Gilla Meic Liac mac Diarmata, Archbishop of Armagh Machabeo, an Irish monk and saint, abbot of Armagh's monastery of Saint Peter and Saint Paul for over thirty years.																																														
The denomination 719 BC for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.																																														
February 9 Bi Gui (or Zhaoxian), Chinese politician Cao Shuang, Chinese general and regent Deng Yang (or Xuanmao), Chinese politician He Yan (or Pingshu), Chinese philosopher Huan Fan (or Yuanze), Chinese general Li Sheng (or Gongzhao), Chinese politician May 18 – Jiang Ji (or Zitong), Chinese general Jotapianus (or Jotapian), Roman usurper Ma Zhong (or Dexin), Chinese general and politician Philip II (the Younger), Roman emperor (b.																																														
Year 127 (CXXVII) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.																																														
The denomination 387 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.																																														
At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Verus and Ambibulus (or, less frequently, year 879 Ab urbe condita).																																														
He has played the lead on the Los Angeles stage in Brendan Behan's Hostage, Ibsen's A Doll's House, Break of Day, Camelot, and Ernest in Love.																																														
In the book Shatner discusses several aspects of his life including his childhood, early career struggles, time starring on Star Trek, his career after Star Trek and his marriages.																																														
Galveston (Jimmy Webb) - 2:40 "Gentle On My Mind" (John Hartford) - 2:58 "Wichita Lineman" (Jimmy Webb)  - 3:06 "Dreams of the Everyday Housewife" (Chris Gantry) - 2:35 "Hey Little One" (Dorsey Burnette, Barry De Vorzon) - 2:32 "By The Time I Get To Phoenix" (Jimmy Webb) - 2:43 "Rhinestone Cowboy" (Larry Weiss) - 3:15 "Southern Nights" (Allen Toussaint) - 2:59 "Bonaparte's Retreat" (King, Stewart) - 2:49 "Country Boy (You Got Your Feet In L. A.) (Dennis Lambert, Brian Potter) - 3:09   =																																														
The tracks on the album that had been officially released before were "The Shadow Knows" and "32–20", which had both been issued on a 1966 single, "Codine Blues", which had first appeared as "Codine" on the 1985 Rhino Records' compilation, Nuggets, Volume 7: Early San Francisco, and "Number One", which had appeared on the 1986 compilation, The Autumn Records Story.																																														
As a stand up he has appeared on Late Night with David Letterman, The Tonight Show, Comedy Central, The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson, and was a regular guest on The Panel in Australia.																																														
The title track, "Attimo x attimo", was originally written for Mia Martini, but because of her death, never got the chance to record it.																																														
In 2005, he appeared on another tribute album called Hurry Home Early: the Songs of Warren Zevon, issued by Wampus Multimedia, where he sang another unreleased song called "Warm Rain" with Simone Stevens.																																														
The album covers his early recordings in the UK in 1965, his work on the Worthy label in New York and his recording in Addis on Amha, Phillips and Axum in the 1970s.																																														
In 1940, he was hired by The Plain Dealer (which was at the time owned by members of his family); he remained at The Plain Dealer (except for service with the United States Army Air Forces in Africa and Sicily during World War II) until 1960, working as a reporter, copy editor, business editor and finally as an associate editor.																																														
He studied under Sam Goradetzer and Michael Shahan of the Philadelphia Orchestra, and graduated from Eastman School of Music in 1980.																																														
After beginning his career playing with a variety of Memphis musicians, in the early 1980s Steff moved to England and recorded as the organist for Dexy's Midnight Runners.																																														
Ruffinian endings are located in the deep layers of the skin, and register mechanical deformation within joints, more specifically angle change, with a specificity of up to 2.																																														
In this form, the attachment cell contains both microtubules and actin-rich scolopale rods similar to those present in the scolopale cell.																																														
When related to motion in any of the possible six degrees of freedom (6-DoF), the fact that sensory thresholds exist is why it is essential that aircraft have blind-flying instruments.																																														
Tonic muscles are much slower than twitch fibers in terms of time from stimulus to full activation, time to full relaxation upon cessation of stimuli, and maximal shortening velocity.																																														
The environment acts as an external stimulus, and tactile perception is the act of passively exploring the world to simply sense it.																																														
Merkel nerve endings are mechanoreceptors, a type of sensory receptor, that are found in the basal epidermis and hair follicles.																																														
The law of specific nerve energies, first proposed by Johannes Peter Müller in 1835, is that the nature of perception is defined by the pathway over which the sensory information is carried.																																														
Information from the sensory neurons below the head enters the spinal cord and passes towards the brain through the 31 spinal nerves.																																														
Also, the Okena endpoint agent can block certain behaviors and attacks, an early example of Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (IDPS).																																														
This approach, called the "Haptic Radar" has been studied since 2005 by researchers at the University of Tokyo in collaboration with the University of Rio de Janeiro.																																														
If this potential reaches a certain threshold, nerve impulses or action potentials are formed by pressure-sensitive sodium channels at the first node of Ranvier, the first node of the myelinated section of the neurite inside the capsule.																																														
On February 24, 2018 (the station's 50th anniversary date), the station began to use the channel 6 virtual channel along with most other Multimedios stations as part of the network's national expansion.																																														
Channel 77 has been used to refer to:  An Australian digital television channel used by Seven Network to broadcast TV listings, news and weather.																																														
Structured Audio Orchestra Language (SAOL) is an imperative, MUSIC-N programming language designed for describing virtual instruments, processing digital audio, and applying sound effects.																																														
Prior to the development of Cinema Digital Sound, a six-track, optically read, sound-on-film system using PCM digital encoding was thought, by most in the industry, to be impractical.																																														
There were three screen channels, one surround channel and two dedicated boom channels that utilized frequencies > 250 Hz.																																														
The frequency spacing for each channel is 6 MHz as the countries above, except between channels 7 and 8 (which overlap).																																														
It can also be configured as a MIDI interface for either IBM PC/AT or Apple Macintosh computers with a special serial cable and Roland software.																																														
The Jellicoe Channel is one of three channels connecting the Hauraki Gulf with the Pacific Ocean to the northeast of Auckland, New Zealand.																																														
Discovery Networks also offer Animal Planet, Animal Planet HD, Discovery HD, Discovery Science, Discovery World and Discovery Travel & Living in Norway.																																														
In early 2008, Sonic Focus was acquired by ARC International, a provider of consumer intellectual property to OEM and semiconductor companies.																																														
Magic Channel (channel 17 on UHF and channel 78 on ESTESA's cable-TV system) is a nationwide terrestrial music television channel from Nicaragua owned by GR Enterprise from Miami, and Magic Broadcasting System, property of Nicaraguan radio entrepreneur Arnoldo Ríos.																																														
Reptiles have on a number of occasions evolved into limbless forms – snakes, amphisbaenia, and legless lizards (limb loss in lizards has evolved independently several times, examples include the families Pygopodidae and Dibamidae and species of Isopachys, Anguis, and Ophisaurus).																																														
Rock-ramp fishway Uses large rocks and timbers to make pools and small falls that mimic natural structures.																																														
In snakes, there are no eyelids and the brille is clear and cannot be distinguished, except when the animal is becoming ready for ecdysis.																																														
Chamaesaura aenea (Fitzinger, 1843) – coppery grass lizard, Transvaal snake lizard Chamaesaura anguina Linnaeus, 1758 – Cape grass lizard, Cape snake lizard Chamaesaura macrolepis (Cope, 1862) – large-scale grass lizard, large-scale snake lizard Chamaesaura miopropus Boulenger, 1895 – Zambian snake lizard, Zambian grass lizard Chamaesaura tenuior Günther, 1895 – Cape snake lizard   =																																														
Pelvic spurs are the externally visible portion of the vestigial remnants of legs found on each side of the cloaca in primitive snakes, such as boas and pythons.																																														
Renewal of the skin by moulting is supposed to allow growth in some animals such as insects, however this view has been disputed in the case of snakes.																																														
Analysis of Parviraptor fossils supports the hypothesis that snake ancestors evolved snakelike heads earlier than snakelike bodies.																																														
Leptotyphlops, also known as slender blind snakes, a genus of harmless snakes found throughout North and South America, Africa and southwestern Asia.																																														
It has been suggested that the age of the fossils assigned to Amphekepubis may be more recent and that its remains might even belong to the genus Mosasaurus; some recent reviews have simply assigned its type specimen to Mosasaurus.																																														
This separation is based primarily on morphological characteristics between family groups; however, more recently, the comparison of mitochondrial DNA has played its part.																																														
Leptotyphlops, Slender blind snakes Leptotyphlops affinis, Venezuela blind snake Leptotyphlops albifrons, Wagler's blind snake Leptotyphlops albipunctus Leptotyphlops albiventer Leptotyphlops anthracinus, Bailey's blind snake Leptotyphlops asbolepis Leptotyphlops australis, Freiberg's blind snake Leptotyphlops bicolor, Two-colored blind snake Leptotyphlops bilineatus, Two-lined blind snake Leptotyphlops blanfordii Leptotyphlops borapeliotes Leptotyphlops borrichianus, Degerbol's blind snake Leptotyphlops boulengeri, Manda flesh-pink blind snake Leptotyphlops brasiliensis, Brazilian blind snake Leptotyphlops bressoni, Michoacán slender blind snake Leptotyphlops brevicaudus Leptotyphlops brevissimus, Caqueta blind snake Leptotyphlops broadleyi Leptotyphlops burii, Arabian blind snake Leptotyphlops cairi, Cairo blind snake Leptotyphlops calypso Leptotyphlops carlae World's smallest snake Leptotyphlops collaris, Collared blind snake Leptotyphlops columbi, San Salvador blind snake Leptotyphlops conjunctus, Cape thread snake Leptotyphlops conjunctus conjunctus Leptotyphlops conjunctus incognitus Leptotyphlops conjunctus latirostris Leptotyphlops conjunctus lepezi Leptotyphlops cupinensis, Mata Grosso blind snake Leptotyphlops debilis, West African blind snake Leptotyphlops diaplocius, Common Peru blind snake Leptotyphlops dimidiatus, Dainty blind snake Leptotyphlops dissimilis, Sudan blind snake Leptotyphlops distanti, Distant's blind snake Leptotyphlops drewesi Leptotyphlops dugandi, Dugand's blind snake Leptotyphlops dulcis, Texas blind snake Leptotyphlops dulcis dissectus Leptotyphlops dulcis dulcis Leptotyphlops dulcis myopicus Leptotyphlops emini Leptotyphlops filiformis, Socotra Island blind snake Leptotyphlops fitzingeri Leptotyphlops gestri Leptotyphlops goudotii, Black blind snake Leptotyphlops goudotii ater Leptotyphlops goudotii goudotii Leptotyphlops goudotii magnamaculatus Leptotyphlops goudotii phenops Leptotyphlops gracilior, Slender thread snake Leptotyphlops guayaquilensis, Guayaquila blind snake Leptotyphlops hamulirostris Leptotyphlops humilis, Western threadsnake Leptotyphlops humilis boettgeri Leptotyphlops humilis cahuilae Leptotyphlops humilis dugesii Leptotyphlops humilis humilis Leptotyphlops humilis levitoni Leptotyphlops humilis lindsayi Leptotyphlops humilis segregus Leptotyphlops humilis tenuiculus Leptotyphlops humilis utahensis Leptotyphlops joshuai, Joshua's blind snake Leptotyphlops koppesi, Amaral's blind snake Leptotyphlops labialis, Damara thread snake Leptotyphlops leptepileptus Leptotyphlops longicaudus, Long-tailed thread snake Leptotyphlops macrolepis, Big-scaled blind snake Leptotyphlops macrops Leptotyphlops macrorhynchus, Longnosed worm snake Leptotyphlops macrurus, Boulenger's blind snake Leptotyphlops maximus, Giant blind snake Leptotyphlops melanotermus, Latin American blind snake Leptotyphlops melanurus, Dark blind snake Leptotyphlops munoai Leptotyphlops narirostris Leptotyphlops narirostris boueti Leptotyphlops narirostris narirostris Leptotyphlops nasalis, Taylor's blind snake Leptotyphlops natatrix, Gambia blind snake Leptotyphlops nicefori, Santander blind snake Leptotyphlops nigricans, Black thread snake Leptotyphlops nursii, Nurse's blind snake Leptotyphlops occidentalis, Western thread snake Leptotyphlops perreti Leptotyphlops peruvianus, Peru blind snake Leptotyphlops pyrites, Thomas' blind snake Leptotyphlops reticulatus, Reticulate blind snake Leptotyphlops rostratus, Bocage's blind snake Leptotyphlops rubrolineatus, Red-lined blind snake Leptotyphlops rufidorsus, Rose blind snake Leptotyphlops salgueiroi, Espírito Santo blind snake Leptotyphlops scutifrons, Peter's thread snake Leptotyphlops septemstriatus, Seven-striped blind snake Leptotyphlops signatus, South American blind snake Leptotyphlops striatulus Leptotyphlops subcrotillus, Klauber's blind snake Leptotyphlops sundewalli, Sundevalls worm snake Leptotyphlops teaguei, Northern blind snake Leptotyphlops telloi, Tello's thread snake Leptotyphlops tesselatus, Tschudi's blind snake Leptotyphlops tricolor, Three-colored blind snake Leptotyphlops undecimstriatus, Eleven-striped blind snake Leptotyphlops unguirostris, Southern blind snake Leptotyphlops variabilis Leptotyphlops vellardi Leptotyphlops weyrauchi, Argentine blind snake Leptotyphlops wilsoni, Wilson's blind snake Rhinoleptus, Villiers' blind snake Rhinoleptus koniagui, Villiers' blind snake   =																																														
A study of 8 different bends using climbing ropes concluded "the Double Fisherman's Knot seemed to be the best joining knot".																																														
There are a great many variations on the snotter arrangement, and some more fastidious authors have referred to it as a snouter or snorter.																																														
It is a simple method of doubling your fishing line in order to prevent chafing or to create the necessary loop in order to attach a wind-on leader without using strength in the mainline.																																														
Physical knot theory is used to study how geometric and topological characteristics of filamentary structures, such as magnetic flux tubes, vortex filaments, polymers, DNAs, influence their physical properties and functions.																																														
One loop supports the body, around the chest and under the arms, and the other loop supports the legs, under the knees.																																														
The bale sling hitch (or strap hitch) is a knot which traditionally uses a continuous loop of strap to form a cow hitch around an object in order to hoist or lower it.																																														
It is possible that the ground line will at times be hauled up from different ends, so hitches might need to endure pulls from either direction.																																														
Originally, the channel shows teledramas from Asia, Latin America, Korea and Taiwan, however, after rebranding as FMN, the channel now focuses on showing Latin American and Turkish teledramas.																																														
The reef knot is commonly taught as left over right, tuck under then right over left, tuck under.																																														
For a more general-purpose bend to join more conventional lines of different diameters, see sheet bend (which, again, can be made more secure by adding turns).																																														
It is made using a friction hitch around the rope, connected by a carabiner to the climber's harness, and may be combined with other climbing equipment for further safety.																																														
The region of Greenland where the island lies was part of Avannaa, originally Nordgrønland ("North Greenland"), a former county of Greenland until 31 December 2008.																																														
It is a small islet located on the eastern perimeter of Aitutaki Lagoon between the larger islands of Akaiami and Tekopua, six kilometres to the southeast of the main island of Aitutaki.																																														
Col Omar Porciúncula who was in charge to organize all the foundational works for the future Artigas Base.																																														
In the southeast, the Ineraq Island and the double Singarnaq-Annertussoq Island separate Nutaarmiut Island from the open Baffin Bay.																																														
The islands have been recognised as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because they support populations of Japanese wood pigeons and Pleske's grasshopper warblers.																																														
Legend has it that the lake monster, Ogopogo, lives in a cave on Rattlesnake Island earning the small land mass the nickname "Monster Island".																																														
The resolution states that it "Determines that the policy and practices of Israel in establishing settlements in the Palestinian and other Arab territories occupied since 1967 have no legal validity and constitute a serious obstruction to achieving a comprehensive, just and lasting peace in the Middle East".																																														
It has been a renowned site for Lower Cretaceous fossils since the initial discovery of fragments there by Samuel Beckles in the 1850s.																																														
In October 1796, Table Bay was the site of the sinking of the British ship Regulator by the French Navy.																																														
Islands in the immediate vicinity include Gabriel Island and McLean Island to the west, as well as Chase Island to the northwest.																																														
Hvasser is a populated island and a village in Færder municipality, Norway, connected to mainland and the city of Tønsberg via the islands Brøtsø, Tjøme and Nøtterøy.																																														
The threaded cap, often just a ball, can be removed so the wearer can urinate through the hollow tube without having to remove the jewelry (from the Prince Albert piercing).																																														
Paul King – Long time piercer at the Gauntlet in San Francisco and Los Angeles and later owner of Cold Steel America, a body piercing studio in San Francisco.																																														
The palang (Iban: crossbar), or ampallang is a male genital piercing that penetrates horizontally through the entire glans of the penis.																																														
Some designs are quite ornate and may include decorative appendages flaring from the underlying concentric pattern.																																														
The reverse Prince Albert piercing enters through the urethra and exits through a hole pierced in the top of the glans.																																														
Stretched earlobes can be found on the heads of the giant statues on Easter Island, giving them the title ‘Long Ears.																																														
The transscrotal piercing is of contemporary origin, and has generally only been performed by practitioners of other "extreme" body modifications such as subdermal implants, transdermal implants and tongue splitting.																																														
Lobster clasps are named as such because of their "pinching" mechanism, and they are often shaped like a lobster's claw.																																														
A tongue frenulum piercing or the tongue web piercing is a body piercing through the frenulum underneath the tongue (frenulum linguae).																																														
The long healing process requires that the bearer abstain from sexual intercourse for a lengthy period of time, on the order of six weeks to six months.																																														
These piercings are relatively simple piercings, and heal quickly, although they do have a tendency to reject over time.																																														
They put forward the argument, which has the form of a statistical syllogism:  The great majority of large samples of a population approximately match the population (in proportion) This is a large sample from a population Therefore, this sample approximately matches the populationIf the population is, say, a large number of balls which are black or white but in an unknown proportion, and one takes a large sample and finds they are all white, then it is likely, using this statistical syllogism, that the population is all or nearly all white.																																														
Polish Logic is an anthology of papers by several authors—Kazimierz Ajdukiewicz, Leon Chwistek, Stanislaw Jaskowski, Zbigniew Jordan, Tadeusz Kotarbinski, Stanisław Leśniewski, Jan Łukasiewicz, Jerzy Słupecki, and Mordchaj Wajsberg—published in 1967 and covering the period 1920–1939.																																														
It was invented by Gottlob Frege, who also invented predicate calculus,  in 1879 as part of his second-order predicate calculus (although Charles Peirce was the first to use the term "second-order" and developed his own version of the predicate calculus independently of Frege).																																														
In this argument map of a simple argument the two reasons for the main contention are co-premises and not separate reasons for believing the contention to be true.																																														
Until the advent of modern logic, Aristotle's Organon, especially De Interpretatione, provided the basis for understanding the significance of logic.																																														
A simple example, applied to two of the above illustrations, is the following:  Let the letters 'P', 'Q', and 'S' stand, respectively, for the set of men, the set of mortals, and Socrates.																																														
It was in this journal, in 1933, that Alfred Tarski—whose illustrious career would a few years later take him to the University of California, Berkeley—published his celebrated theorem on the undefinability of the notion of truth.																																														
The fallacy is "epistemic" because it posits an immediate identity between a subject's knowledge of an object with the object itself, failing to recognize that Leibniz's Law is not capable of accounting for intensional contexts.																																														
The following theorems will aim to find the remaining nine axioms of standard PC within the "theorem-space" of Frege's PC, showing that the theory of standard PC is contained within the theory of Frege's PC.																																														
As an example of a conditional proof in symbolic logic, suppose we want to prove A → C (if A, then C) from the first two premises below:   =																																														
In the course of the last fifteen years I have found this vice so common that I have had to invent a name for it.																																														
Mirka Yemendzakis (Greek: Μίρκα Γιεμεντζάκη) (died August 2, 2013) was a Greek actress, musician, voice coach and director based at the National Theatre of Greece in Athens.																																														
Mihaela Rodica Popescu Bitănescu (Romanian pronunciation: [roˈdika poˈpesku bitəˈnesku]; born 8 August 1938 in Răsuceni, Ilfov County, Romania) is a Romanian actress.																																														
The 9 recognized species in this genus are: Nectamia annularis (Rüppell, 1829) (ringtail cardinalfish) Nectamia bandanensis (Bleeker, 1854) (bigeye cardinalfish) Nectamia fusca (Quoy & Gaimard, 1825) (ghost cardinalfish) Nectamia ignitops T. H. Fraser, 2008 (fire-eye cardinalfish) Nectamia luxuria T. H. Fraser, 2008 (multibarred cardinalfish) Nectamia savayensis (Günther, 1872) (Samoan cardinalfish) Nectamia similis T. H. Fraser, 2008 (similar cardinalfish) Nectamia viria T. H. Fraser, 2008 (bracelet cardinalfish) Nectamia zebrinus (T.																																														
instead she demands that the audience acknowledge that the act of judging makes them active participants in the theatrical event".																																														
She collaborated with Peter Brook, Peter Oskarson and Robert Wilson, as well as eight years with Peter Stein at the Berliner Schaubühne.																																														
Arthur David Scott (born December 26, 1953) is a former American football offensive lineman who played professionally in the National Football League (NFL) for the Atlanta Falcons.																																														
George Randall "Randy" Edmunds (born June 24, 1946) is a former American football linebacker who played professionally in the American Football League (AFL) and the National Football League (NFL).																																														
He arrives at the Borden home to convince Lizzie's father to sign away ownership of the family farm to his wife, Harry's sister.																																														
It contains the following species:  Microgomphus camerunensis Longfield, 1951 Microgomphus chelifer Selys, 1858 Microgomphus corbeti Pinhey, 1951 Microgomphus jannyae Legrand, 1992 Microgomphus jurzitzai Karube, 2000 Microgomphus lilliputians Fraser, 1923 Microgomphus loogali Fraser, 1923 Microgomphus nyassicus (Grünberg, 1902) Microgomphus schoutedeni Fraser, 1949 Microgomphus souteri Fraser, 1924 Microgomphus thailandica Asahina, 1981 Microgomphus torquatus (Selys, 1854) Microgomphus verticalis (Selys, 1873) Microgomphus wijaya Lieftinck, 1940 Microgomphus zebra (Martin, 1911)   =																																														
Blue Murder by Peter Nichols was written in 1995 as a four-act drama, in response to those who had often questioned why Nichols had never written a play surrounding a murder investigation.																																														
Alvin Plantinga upholds that faith may be the result of evidence testifying to the reliability of the source of truth claims, but although it may involve this, he sees faith as being the result of hearing the truth of the gospel with the internal persuasion by the Holy Spirit moving and enabling him to believe.																																														
For Ryle, the former differs in its emphasis and purpose, since it is primarily practical knowledge, whereas the latter focuses on indicative or explanatory knowledge.																																														
Radical interpretation is interpretation of a speaker, including attributing beliefs and desires to them and meanings to their words, from scratch—that is, without relying on translators, dictionaries, or specific prior knowledge of their mental states.																																														
Pre-theoretical belief has been an important notion in some areas of linguistics and philosophy, especially phenomenology and older versions of “ordinary language” philosophy.																																														
In particular, PC implies that one is justified in believing a proposition that appears true to one, even in the absence of any reason for thinking that the faculty generating the appearance is reliable.																																														
Doubt: a history: the great doubters and their legacy of innovation from Socrates and Jesus to Thomas Jefferson and Emily Dickinson.																																														
Thus, though knowledge requires justification, truth, and belief, the word "knowledge" cannot be accurately regarded as simply shorthand for "justified true belief".																																														
Doxastic attitudes in many ways resemble propositional attitudes, although the two concepts are distinct from one another.																																														
In 1996, Zagzebski defined knowledge as a "state of true belief arising out of acts of intellectual virtue", where the word 'true' can be omitted.																																														
In order to do so, within the parameters of the particular counter-example or exemplar, they must then either accept that  Gettier's cases are not really cases of justified true belief, or Gettier's cases really are cases of knowledge after all,or, demonstrate a case in which it is possible to circumvent surrender to the exemplar by eliminating any necessity for it to be considered that JTB apply in just those areas that Gettier has rendered obscure, without thereby lessening the force of JTB to apply in those cases where it actually is crucial.																																														
Plato's Meno is a Socratic dialogue in which the two main speakers, Socrates and Meno (also transliterated as "Menon"), discuss human virtue: what it is, and whether or not it can be taught.																																														
This may occur as a result of reduction in muscle mitochondrial oxidative capacity and beta-adrenergic receptors, as well as the induction of an insulin-resistant state, due to decrease in thyroid hormones.																																														
Smooth muscle also has specific elastin and collagen receptors to interact with these proteins of the extracellular matrix.																																														
Vulpian–Heidenhain–Sherrington phenomenon is a term given for slow contraction of denervated skeletal muscle by stimulating the autonomic cholinergic fibers innervating its blood vessels.																																														
Comparing with the fast twitch skeletal muscle and cardiac TnI isoform genes (TNNT2 and TNNT3), TNNI1 has a broader range of expression in avian and mammalian striated muscles.																																														
In non-metazoan species, calcium-release channels with sequence homology to RyRs can be found, but they are shorter than the mammalian ones and may be closer to IP3 Receptors.																																														
The functional protein is an anti-parallel dimer, which cross-links the thin filaments in adjacent sarcomeres, and therefore coordinates contractions between sarcomeres in the horizontal axis.																																														
Ectonucleotidases produce key molecules for purine salvage and consequent replenishment of ATP stores within multiple cell types.																																														
FKRP can be located in the brain, cardiac muscles, and skeletal muscles, and in the cells it is found in the Golgi apparatus.																																														
Tonic vibration reflex is evoked by placing a vibrator — which in this case is typically an electrical motor with an eccentric load on its shaft — on a muscle's tendon.																																														
The diad plays an important role in excitation-contraction coupling by juxtaposing an inlet for the action potential near a source of Ca2+ ions.																																														
The benefits of adding anaerobic exercise include improving cardiovascular endurance as well as build and maintaining muscle strength and losing weight.																																														
The goal of Lamaze is to build a mother's confidence in her ability to give birth, through classes that help pregnant women understand how to cope with pain in ways that both facilitate labor and promote comfort, including relaxation techniques, movement and massage.																																														
The AAP received numerous letters in response to the statement, many claiming passionately that water birth had strong benefits and minimal risks for both parents and children and criticizing the AAP for failing to publish positive studies about the practice.																																														
Urinary incontinence and fecal incontinence have been linked to all methods of childbirth, with the incidence of urinary incontinence at six months postpartum being 3–7% and fecal incontinence 1–3%.																																														
Nurses' skill in teaching and educational content received were significant predictors even with parity, feeding, and delivery mode in the model.																																														
Episiotomy is usually performed during second stage of labor to quickly enlarge the opening for the baby to pass through.																																														
However, in birth centers and attended home birth environments, it is common for licensed care providers to wait for the placenta's birth up to 2 hours in some instances.																																														
Successful ECV significantly decreases the rate of cesarean section, however, women are still at an increased risk of instrumental delivery (ventouse and forceps delivery) and cesarean section compared to women with spontaneous cephalic presentation (head first).																																														
The physician may allow labor to continue against contraindications during birth or even stimulate labor with oxytocin when pelvic measurements are borderline to see if the fetal head will descend making vaginal delivery possible; if progressive changes in dilation and station do not occur, a cesarean delivery is performed.																																														
80% of births globally in 2021 were vaginal deliveries, with rates varying from 95% in sub-Saharan Africa to 45% in the Caribbean.																																														
This is considered safe for the mother and baby, but can cause the mother to experience facial flushing and a feeling of a fast heart rate.																																														
It is mainly used in case of unexpected prehospital cases: the score indicates if it is possible to transport the pregnant woman or if it is best to let her give birth onsite.																																														
SpeciesCrypsis aculeata  - from Portugal and Mauritania to Korea Crypsis acuminata - from Turkey to Kazakhstan Crypsis alopecuroides - from Portugal and Morocco to Korea; introduced in western North America (British Columbia + western USA) Crypsis factorovskyi - Caucasus, Turkey, Cyprus, Syria, Lebanon, Palestine, Jordan Crypsis hadjikyriakou - Cyprus Crypsis minuartioides - Sharon Plain in northwestern Israel Crypsis schoenoides - from Britain to China + Pakistan + Mozambique; introduced in North America (western USA, Great Lakes region, Baja California) Crypsis turkestanica - Central Asia, Caucasus, western Siberia, southern European Russia Crypsis vaginiflora  - Africa; Middle East, India, Pakistan; introduced in North America (Idaho, Oregon, California, Baja California)formerly includedsee Muhlenbergia Munroa Phleum Rhizocephalus Sporobolus Urochondra    =																																														
It is found in middle Amazon basin and in the basins of the Rio Negro, the lower Trombetas, the Tefé, the Madeira and the Tapajós Rivers.																																														
Landeskrankenhaus Feldkirch Landeskrankenhaus Bregenz Landeskrankenhaus Bludenz Krankenhaus der Stadt Dornbirn Landeskrankenhaus Hohenems Krankenhaus der Stiftung Maria Ebene, Frastanz   =																																														
These species both appear very similar; A. albomaculatus might be slimmer, have more spots and a different pattern on its caudal fin.																																														
The channel catfish reference genome sequence was generated alongside genomic sequence data for other scaled and unscaled fish species (other catfishes, the common pleco and southern striped Raphael; also common carp), in order to provide genomic resources and aid understanding of the evolutionary loss of scales in catfishes.																																														
The eel-like catfish of this region were long assumed to belong to the widespread species Clarias nieuhofii but examination of 6 specimens purchased from a fish market in Samarinda in 1999 and preserved specimens from the same location revealed consistent and distinctive differences indicating a separate species.																																														
Parakysis anomalopteryx Roberts, 1989 Parakysis grandis  Ng & Lim, 1995 Parakysis hystriculus Ng, 2009 Parakysis longirostris Ng & Lim, 1995 (Longnose little warty catfish) Parakysis notialis Ng & Kottelat, 2003 Parakysis verrucosus Herre, 1940   =																																														
Found in northern, northeast, and western Africa Synodontis contracta – big-nosed upside-down catfish, sometimes sold as S. nigriventris to aquarists, a species with which it is easily confused Synodontis nigrita – false upside-down catfish, very commonly sold as S. nigriventris in the aquarium trade and only recognised as a different species once the fish matures (adults are more than twice the size of adult S. nigriventris): 67 The name 'dwarf upside-down catfish' is also used for small (around 10 cm) species of the catfish genus Synodontis.																																														
They live in the Hagenia and Hypericum scrub in the timberline forest between 3000 and 4000 m. It lives between 1 and 2 m (3.																																														
It was generally recognized as the only valid species in the genus Mesonauta until 1991 when a taxonomic review found that five species should be recognized (a sixth was described in 1998).																																														
The last question for 100,000 zł (earlier for 300,000 zł) is bonus - like in US version - so if player want to see the last question then he cannot resign.																																														
Milyonêr (English translation: Millionaire) is an Iraqi Kurdish-language game show based on the original British format of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?																																														
He was one of many, including Desiderius Erasmus, who felt there was a need for such a punctuation mark, but Wilkins' proposal, as was true of the other attempts, failed to take hold.																																														
So the previous question is "loaded", whether or not the respondent has actually beaten his wife–and if the respondent answers anything other than "yes" or "no" in an attempt to deny having beaten his wife, the questioner can accuse him of "trying to dodge the question".																																														
These new rules were slowly adopted; there are 19th-century books in which the writer uses neither "¡" nor "¿".																																														
In other words, while some respondents would answer "yes" to both and some "no" to both, some would like to answer both "yes and no".																																														
Hence we can distinguish between:  legitimately complex question (not a fallacy): A question that assumes something that the hearer would readily agree to.																																														
The Salvadoran version of the show offered the largest top prize of all the versions produced in Central America.																																														
Peter Bull identified the following evasion techniques for answering questions: Ignoring the question Acknowledging the question without answering it Questioning the question by: requesting clarification reflecting the question back to the questioner, for example saying "you tell me" Attacking the question by saying: "the question fails to address the important issue" "the question is hypothetical or speculative" "the question is based on a false premise" "the question is factually inaccurate" "the question includes a misquotation" "the question includes a quotation taken out of context" "the question is objectionable" "the question is based on a false alternative" Attacking the questioner Declining to answer by: refusing on grounds of inability being unwilling to answer saying "I can't speak for someone else" deferring answer, saying "it is not possible to answer the question for the time being" pleading ignorance placing the responsibility to answer on someone else   =																																														
– The respondent not only took the question to be the indirect speech act but also assumed that the question was not a yes–no question, despite its form and so did not provide a yes–no answer at all.																																														
Nick Faldo won his third Open Championship and fifth major title by one stroke over runner-up John Cook.																																														
According to the city website, Golf Digest and USA Today call it the "best course to play in the state of Missouri for under $50".																																														
The new version of the Machrie Hotel, now managed by Campbell GRAY Hotels, has 47 rooms; it opened in 2018, replacing a predecessor, that was described as "dilapidated".																																														
Cape Breton Highlands Links golf course is a public golf course located near the village of Ingonish Beach in Nova Scotia, Canada.																																														
The tournament took place over two days and 36 holes at the Itanhanga Golf Club in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.																																														
In early 1906 they became founder members of the Elginshire Junior League, later known as the Morayshire Junior League from 1906–07 season.																																														
Gordon Vincent Green (28 February 1890 – 30 May 1973) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL).																																														
Ron Savage (22 April 1917 – 15 January 1974) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL).																																														
The 1992 Open Championship was a men's major golf championship and the 121st Open Championship, held from 16–19 July at Muirfield Golf Links in Gullane, Scotland.																																														
Greystone Golf & Country Club is a private 36-hole golf club in the southeastern United States, located in Hoover, Alabama, a suburb southeast of Birmingham.																																														
The 1954 U.S. Open was the 54th U.S. Open, held June 17–19 at Baltusrol Golf Club in Springfield, New Jersey, west of New York City.																																														
The purpose of this device is to provide additional padding between the typically hard buttstock surface and the user's shoulder, to reduce the amount of felt recoil of the firearm, and to prevent slippage on the shooter's clothing while aiming.																																														
Besides for peening (surface hardening by impact), the ball-peen hammer is useful for many tasks, such as striking punches and chisels (usually performed with the flat face of the hammer).																																														
The round striking surface is designed to drive a chisel or wedge and allows for a face to strike when swinging from any angle.																																														
Steam and mechanical power hammers were made into the middle of the 20th century in the United States.																																														
The same placements of the mallets apply to the right hand, with the right-most mallet mimicking the first mallet’s placement and the third mallet mimicking the second mallet’s placement.																																														
Set tools for the anvil, where they are struck with a sledgehammer, often have a wooden handle set into the head in the same way as a hammer.																																														
The other most common name was the patent hammer which is described to have the same features and was used around the same time of the bush hammer.																																														
The leather piece is placed on a hard surface, which may be a part of the tool set, and the punch is forced through it, cutting out a small circular piece which is discarded.																																														
It is formed as a variant of the cross grip, with the mallets held as follows: Seen with the palm facing upwards, the inside mallet is placed and crossed over the outside mallet.																																														
A chisel head (pictured) is useful for clearing loose material and vegetation from exposures, or creating exposures through digging.																																														
Their use has been reduced with the invention of cube steak machines and other electric tenderisers, but they can still be readily found at cookery stores and in professional use.																																														
There is no change in the electric potential around any closed path; when returning to the starting point in a closed path, the net of the external work done is zero.																																														
Since there is no standardization of these plugs, a polarity symbol is typically printed on the case indicating which type of plug is needed.																																														
Unlike a normal electrical conductor, the resistance (and voltage drop) across an unconfined plasma channel decreases with increasing current flow, a property called negative resistance.																																														
In typical intracloud K-strokes, positive electric charge of the order of Q ≈ 10 mC in the upper part of the channel and an equivalent amount of negative charge in its lower part neutralize within a typical time interval of τ ≈ 25 μs .																																														
Plasmas are sustained if there is a continuous source of energy to maintain the required degree of ionization and overcome the recombination events that lead to extinction of the discharge.																																														
The worldwide solar-driven wind results in the so-called Sq (solar quiet) current system in the E region of the Earth's ionosphere (100–130 km altitude).																																														
A polarized membrane is a lipid membrane that has a positive electrical charge on one side and a negative charge on another side, which produces the resting potential in living cells.																																														
The electrostatic potential energy of a system containing only one point charge is zero, as there are no other sources of electrostatic force against which an external agent must do work in moving the point charge from infinity to its final location.																																														
The same panel also concluded that "the recommended [NFPA 781 standard] lightning protection system has never been scientifically or technically validated and the Franklin rod air terminals have not been validated in field tests under thunderstorm conditions".																																														
There is a hysteresis effect; once avalanche breakdown has occurred, the material will continue to conduct even if the voltage across it drops below the breakdown voltage.																																														
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).																																														
After the Treaty of Frankfurt (1871), it was integrated into the new canton of Arracourt along with eight other communes that remained French.																																														
In February 2005 he sparked a controversy in South Korea when he stated that the Liancourt Rocks in the Sea of Japan, currently under South Korean administration, "historically and legally" belong to Japan.																																														
As this list is too long to be contained within this page, it has been divided into 26 different articles corresponding to their first letter, accessible from the table below.																																														
States with limited recognition, entirely in West Asia, but commonly associated with Europe:  Abkhazia,  Artsakh,  North Cyprus, and  South Ossetia.																																														
List of UN numbers 1001 to 1100 List of UN numbers 1101 to 1200 List of UN numbers 1201 to 1300 List of UN numbers 1301 to 1400 List of UN numbers 1401 to 1500 List of UN numbers 1501 to 1600 List of UN numbers 1601 to 1700 List of UN numbers 1701 to 1800 List of UN numbers 1801 to 1900 List of UN numbers 1901 to 2000   =																																														
There are various sets of such lists, based upon different criteria for grouping individual wars, as shown below.																																														
Also in 2018, Comerío Municipality, Puerto Rico had a median household income of $12,812 (the lowest median household income of any populated county or county-equivalent in the U.S.) Guam has much higher incomes (Guam had a median household income of $48,274 in 2010.																																														
The new Colorado General Assembly organized 17 counties on November 1, 1861, including a new Pueblo County for the Colorado Territory.																																														
The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.																																														
The figures are estimates for the year 2005 from the U.N. World Population Prospects (2004 revision) using the medium fertility variant.																																														
The second group of 48 congeners includes those with chlorine substitution at only one of the ortho positions and are referred to as CP1 or mono-ortho congeners.																																														
Pigs have been brought into literature for varying reasons, ranging from the pleasures of eating, as in Charles Lamb's A Dissertation upon Roast Pig, to William Golding's Lord of the Flies (with the fat character "Piggy"), where the rotting boar's head on a stick represents Beelzebub, "lord of the flies" being the direct translation of the Hebrew בעל זבוב, and George Orwell's allegorical novel Animal Farm, where the central characters, representing Soviet leaders, are all pigs.																																														
In March 2005, these scientists confirmed that Hogzilla actually weighed 800 pounds (360 kg) and was between 6.																																														
Two separate populations of unstudied wild pig species have been reported on the islands of Tawi-Tawi (near Sabah, Malaysia), and Tablas (in the central Philippines).																																														
Facilities with a capacity of 2,500 or more swine are considered by the EPA to be concentrated animal feeding operations (CAFOs) subject to point source pollution permit requirements.																																														
For breeding gilts, the traits by order of importance are: Structure and soundness, Growth, Underline quality, Capacity or volume, Degree of muscling, Degree of leanness.																																														
With around 1 billion individuals alive at any time, the domestic pig is one of the most numerous large mammals on the planet.																																														
Today the Meishan Pig is the focus of a major conservation effort involving the Livestock Conservancy and the American Meishan Breeders Association.																																														
It is also commonly used by children, who may have not yet become skilled enough to handle two reins with ease.																																														
Michael Allen Wise (June 5, 1964 – August 21, 1992) was a professional American football defensive end in the National Football League.																																														
Together with the Witham Shield, the style, especially of the engraving, is very close to that of the Torrs Pony-cap and Horns found in Scotland and now in the Museum of Scotland.																																														
The word "aper" means "area free of snow", and it has been thought that this tradition had a pagan meaning of "driving the winter away" by whipcracking.																																														
Diarra made a few appearances for the Mali national football team, including 2000 African Cup of Nations qualifiers.																																														
Usage of the opposing free rein dates back to Geoffrey Chaucer (1343–1400) and means to give or allow complete freedom, in action and decision, over something.																																														
Some whip-crackers doing target work prefer a whip made of kangaroo skin and kangaroo hide is preferred by whip makers because it is many times stronger than cow hide and can be cut into fine, strong laces allowing for more intricate braiding patterns that could previously only be achieved with rawhide, which is much harder to work with.																																														
Aerial images of runway markings show an original unpaved length of approximately 2,000 metres (6,562 ft), much of which has deteriorated or found other uses.																																														
In the foreground there is a ribbon with the national motto of Lesotho: Khotso, Pula, Nala (Sesotho, to English: Peace, Rain, Prosperity).																																														
It was made of boards of light wood, sinews or ropes, covered with leather, plates of metal, or stuck full of nails in concentric circles or other figures.																																														
It is recommended that security forces equipped with riot shields also utilise non-lethal weapons, overwatch, and reserve forces.																																														
The city has offered Perdue a half million dollars to settle the case, but he insists on almost four million dollars.																																														
The current Acting Chief of Police as of June 2012 is Mark Fronterotta  who replaced Chief Jacqueline Seabrooks, who is now the Police Chief for the Santa Monica Police Department.																																														
Hanrahan was indicted by a grand jury for obstructing justice and conspiracy to present false evidence, but was later acquitted.																																														
After stopping a person based upon the reasonable belief that the person might be engaged in unlawful activity, or following a routine encounter such as a traffic stop, the police in the United States may perform a cursory search of the persons outer clothing for their own safety.																																														
Thus, the Chief Military Prosecutor became the Deputy Public Prosecutor General, and the Public Prosecutor General became the supreme body of the entire prosecutor's office.																																														
Most often, these departments employ sworn Investigators (separate from the New York State Police) that have statewide investigative authority under the department's mission.																																														
1989), the Second Circuit considered whether, under New York law, a plaintiff could satisfy the element of "favorable termination" requisite to a malicious prosecution claim when he had been acquitted on a misdemeanor charge (resisting arrest) but convicted of a less serious charge (disorderly conduct, a violation).																																														
There is currently one K9 officer who assists the department as well as surrounding agencies with narcotics detection, suspect apprehension, evidence and subject searches, building searches, and crowd control.																																														
The beltzak (blacks in basque language) are the police officers that compose the riot unit of the Ertzaintza, who is the police force of the Basque Country, one of the autonomous communities of Spain.																																														
The position was created with the passing of the Police Act in 1857, in response to calls for a full-time dedicated police officer to helm the police force in response to escalating cases of violent crime in Singapore during that period.																																														
Also known as the Graham County SAR, the team is composed of trained volunteers who respond to search and rescue requests.																																														
However, if the density of one of the prey species decreases, then the predator will start selecting the other, more common prey species with a higher frequency.																																														
A functional response in ecology is the intake rate of a consumer as a function of food density (the amount of food available in a given ecotope).																																														
capture rate Demographic response consists of a change in dP/dt due to a change in V and/or m. For example, if V increases, then predator growth rate (dP/dt) will increase.																																														
When the bottom leaf is moved up, air is pumped from the bottom lung into the top lung.																																														
Sensory systems used include the visual system, olfactory system (smell), auditory system (hearing) and the somatosensory system (such as touch).																																														
Volodymyr Dyudya (Ukrainian: Володимир Дюдя) (born 6 January 1983) is a Ukrainian professional racing cyclist, who last rode for the Gan Su Sports Lottery Cycling Team.																																														
Bellows are widely used in industrial and mechanical applications such as rod boots, machinery way covers, lift covers and rail covers to protect rods, bearings and seals from dirt.																																														
He was also qualified for the individual pursuit but decided to focus totally on the team effort and did not start in that race.																																														
Many ambush predators make use of camouflage so that their prey can come within striking range without detecting their presence.																																														
For example, pit vipers prey on small birds, choosing targets of the right size for their mouth gape: larger snakes choose larger prey.																																														
In photography, a bellows is the accordion-like, pleated expandable part of a camera, usually a large or medium format camera, to allow the lens to be moved with respect to the focal plane for focusing.																																														
To capture the boar, Heracles first "chased the boar with shouts" and thereby routed it from a "certain thicket" and then "drove the exhausted animal into deep snow".																																														
Gantz, Timothy, Early Greek Myth: A Guide to Literary and Artistic Sources, Johns Hopkins University Press, 1996, Two volumes: ISBN 978-0-8018-5360-9 (Vol.																																														
After Antiope was impregnated by Zeus and fled to marry king Epopeus in Sicyon, the Bibliotheca reports that Nycteus killed himself in shame, after asking Lycus to punish her.																																														
After Herakles murders his family, he questions, in a conversation with Theseus, the true nature of the gods and their existence, while at the same time contemplating suicide.																																														
In prehistory the powerful city of Kydonia commanded the Gulf of Chania and was a center of early Cretan art and culture in western Crete.																																														
Pindar, The Odes of Pindar including the Principal Fragments with an Introduction and an English Translation by Sir John Sandys, Litt.D., FBA.																																														
He is the one who ordered (through his servants all called Tangaloa (Tangaloa ʻEiki, Tangaloa Tufunga, and Tangaloa ʻAtulongolongo)) the sub-god Laufakanaʻa to become ruler of that island.																																														
She ran to her father when Odysseus' men slaughtered and sacrificed some of his ageless and deathless cattle.																																														
Ta'aroa commanded them to approach one another, but they both refused as each had a fixed place in the earth.																																														
Candalus, along with his brothers, Triopas, Macar and Actis, were jealous of another brother, Tenages, and so they murdered him.																																														
After-sales service suffered because the cars, in some ways more sophisticated than the old models offered by SEAT and Renault, were often not sufficiently understood by workshop personnel at the Authi dealers.																																														
A Chinese partner of Japanese companies Toyota and Honda, GAIG owns Chinese production bases that produce Chinese-market versions of the Japanese carmakers' models, which sell well in Southern China as of 2010.																																														
It was co-developed by Volkswagen AG and Ford Europe, and used by Volkswagen Group for its Volkswagen Passenger Cars and SEAT car marques.																																														
TMMI began production of the Tundra in 1999 for the 2000 model year, and Sequoia production began a year later for 2001.																																														
The company was founded in 1992 between the Uzbek state-owned UzAvtosanoat and the South Korea-based Daewoo, and was initially known as "Uz-DaewooAuto" (Uzbek: O'z-DeuAvto).																																														
It is one of China's leading dairy companies alongside Mengniu, and is listed as an A share company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE).																																														
It was a modern touring car design with a cellular radiator (with fan), and semi-elliptic springs, but sold for far less than competing models.																																														
In the mid 70’s, the now multinational chemical manufacturer Sigma Chemicals Company built its second plant in Grassobbio, after starting in Mozzo.																																														
The company was acquired by the J.G. Brill Company in 1904 and continued to operate under the Stephenson name until 1917, when the plant was sold to the Standard Aero Corporation for production of airplanes, and the corporation was liquidated in 1919.																																														
For the Ford partnership, the CMC had assembled the Ford Escort, the Ford Telstar and the Ford Laser.																																														
Neilson dairy operations past and present:  Beachville, Ontario – former cheese operations (closed) Georgetown, Ontario Guelph, Ontario – formerly Royal Dairy (closed) Ottawa, Ontario – formerly Clark Dairy Toronto, Ontario – formerly Donlands Dairy and Neilson-Cadbury chocolate factory – sold Montreal, Quebec Barrie, Ontario   =																																														
Brown, who represented Newcastle in the North East Premier League between 2001 and 2004, and Chester-le-Street between 2005 and 2006, made a single appearance in the C&G Trophy in August 2003, against Shropshire.																																														
The following season Graf's highlights include five wickets in a Shield game against Queensland and scores of 55 and 39 against NSWGraf returned to the Australian one day side in the second and third matches of the ODI series, replacing an injured Dennis Lillee.																																														
George Brander Sime (28 February 1915 – 9 September 1990) was a British and Scottish international field hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.																																														
They have won the Under-19 Cricket World Cup on three occasions, in 1988, 2002 and 2010, the second-most behind India.																																														
The teams highlighted in yellow played the Liguilla de Ascenso to Segunda Division B. The teams highlighted in red were relegated to Regional Divisions.																																														
Barry George Cooper (born 30 November 1958) is a former New Zealand cricketer who played 62 first-class matches for Northern Districts in the 1980s and in the 1990s.																																														
Undaunted, he sauntered into the museum and, borrowing an antique bat off the display, went on to score 158 and 71.																																														
No one "batted a thousand" for the season, but the nearest was McEwan, who hit 521 runs off 618 balls with a strike rate of 843 per 1000 balls faced.																																														
Goward made a single first-class appearance for the team, having made an appearance for a British in Bengal team against Marylebone Cricket Club nine seasons previously.																																														
He played for Kent in 185 first-class matches, taking 769 wickets, including five wickets in an innings 49 times and ten wickets in a match 13 times.																																														
Unfortunately for Allenby, he was out for a duck in the Leicestershire innings, as his side lost the match by 37 runs.																																														
He brought Shaikh Zayed University to Khost and he signed the contract of Khost-Gardez Pass road for these religious people by his struggles.																																														
Mucianus became an ordinary consul in 201 CE and, from 204 CE onwards, he became one of the quindecimviri sacris faciundis, a sacred priest in charge of the Sibylline Books.																																														
It became a separate province under Trajan, sometime between 103 and 114 AD, and was renamed Epirus Nova (New Epirus) (imperial procuratorial province).																																														
He played an important part in suppressing the Mexican insurrection of Miguel Hidalgo, and was rewarded with the appointment of Governor of Santo Domingo (1813-1818) and then supreme military commander of Guatemala (1818-1821).																																														
In 1997 Turku and Pori Province was merged with the northern part of the Häme Province, the provinces of Vaasa and Central Finland into the new Western Finland Province.																																														
The diocese is divided into 10 deaneries with 113 parishes, these among others:  Anundsjö Åre Härnösand Offerdal Örnsköldsvik Östersund Sidensjö Sollefteå Tännäs Torsåker Ytterlännäs   =																																														
The dynasty ruled Sindh and parts of the Punjab region between 1701 and 1783 from their capital of Khudabad, before shifting to  Hyderabad from 1768 onwards.																																														
He was subsequently made the military governor of Zhongwu Circuit as well as the prefect of its capital prefecture Xu Prefecture (許州).																																														
After a fire in 1722, the current  manor house (Oslo Ladegård) was erected by Karen Toller on the site in 1725.																																														
December 19, 1956: Established as Apostolic Prefecture of Pala from the Diocese of Garoua in Cameroon 1964: Promoted as Diocese of Pala   =																																														
Capito came from a plebeian family whose members had reached the rank of praetor since the 2nd century BC, but none had achieved the consulate until the end of the republic in 33 BC, when Gaius Fonteius Capito acceded to that magistracy.																																														
Iraqi men have also worn map pendants as lapel pins, and some have pinned them to military uniforms.																																														
The classification of the cardinal gems dates back to antiquity, and was largely determined by ceremonial or religious use and rarity.																																														
This enzyme belongs to the family of oxidoreductases, specifically those acting on the aldehyde or oxo group of donor with NAD+ or NADP+ as acceptor.																																														
Odigitria is the archaeological site of an ancient Minoan religious complex including two tholos tombs located near the modern Odigitria Monastery in the Asterousia mountains of southern Crete.																																														
In his decades of creating fine jewelry, Goossens mixed the genuine stones with the fakes, a blend of the artificial gems with the semi-precious for clients including Coco Chanel, Cristóbal Balenciaga, Yves Saint Laurent, Madame Grès, Christian Dior and others.																																														
Cubism and Fauvism, early 20th century art movements,  were inspirations for this new art style, along with Eastern, African and Latin American art.																																														
The five traditional cardinal gems are:  amethyst (purple) – Rare and precious in the Old World until large deposits were found in Brazil.																																														
Beginning in the eighth century and lasting until the eleventh century, Scandinavian seafarers were exploring, raiding and colonizing Europe, Great Britain and new lands to the west.																																														
The Gems Mart at the Gems Museum consists of 82 stores on three floors, and sells high-quality raw and finished gem products, offering rubies, sapphires, pearls, jade and more.																																														
Rishi Kapoor as Raja Neetu Singh as Rani Nirupa Roy as Mrs. Shanti Lal Ranjeet as Ranjeet Asha Sachdev as Rita Jagdeep as Abdullah Satyendra Kapoor as Manohar Lal Ramesh Deo as Inspector Gavaskar Anwar Hussain as Sher Singh   =																																														
Director and writer  Mala época (1998)Screenplay  El Perro (2004) aka Bombón: El Perro Sofacama (2006) aka Sofabed Liverpool (2008) aka Liverpool Las Acacias (2011) El muerto y ser felíz (2012) aka The Dead Man and Being Happy   =																																														
In 1804, Charles Cotesworth Pinckney lost New York, the home state of his running mate Rufus King, as well as King's birth state of Massachusetts.																																														
It may not be as hip as Bombay Beat, the magazine where the two work, but it shows that Mr. Mukherji is a director to watch".																																														
The Munster Schools Senior Cup or  Munster Senior Cup is the under-age rugby union competition for schools affiliated to the Munster Branch of the IRFU.																																														
1940 Belvedere College beat Cistercian College, Roscrea 14-0 1941 Blackrock College beat Newbridge College 9-0 1942 Blackrock College beat Belvedere College 6-3 1943 Blackrock College beat St. Mary's College 5-3 1944 Clongowes Wood beat Belvedere College 13-3 1945 Blackrock College beat Clongowes Wood 3-0 1946 Blackrock College beat Castleknock College 6-0 1947 Clongowes Wood beat Newbridge College 19-5 1948 Blackrock College beat Clongowes Wood 13-0 1949 Clongowes Wood beat Blackrock College 9-0   =																																														
Ajay Devgan as Raj Dixit Dushyant Wagh as Rahul Dixit, Raj's younger brother Sonali Bendre as Madhuri Namrata Shirodkar as Suman Gupta Prem Chopra as Mr. Khanna Anand Abhyankar Kishore Nandalaskar Shivaji Satam as Mr. Gupta, Suman’s father Reema Lagoo as Janki Gupta, Suman’s mother Sayaji Shinde Swapnil Kamble as Mr. Amit Chauhan   =																																														
House Me Teenage Rave (MC Marvin Meets Green Jelly 7 Remix)" - 4:15 "House Me Teenage Rave (Marquis De Jelly Extended Remix)" - 6:54 "House Me Teenage Rave (Album Version)" - 4:30 "House Me Teenage Rave (Trippin' On XTC)" - 3:42   =																																														
Alder College Baptist College Kohima College Japfü Christian College Kohima Science College KROS College Model Christian College Modern College Mount Olive College Oriental College Sazolie College St. Joseph's College, Jakhama   =																																														
Bayou is a ballet made by New York City Ballet's co-founder and ballet master George Balanchine to Virgil Thomson's Acadian Songs and Dances (1947).																																														
The Atlantic Coast Conference honors players and coaches upon the conclusion of each college football season with the following individual honors as voted on by the Atlantic Coast Sports Media Association.																																														
Albums that have at least in part been recorded at Fingerprint include albums by The Choir, Randy Stonehill and Phil Keaggy.																																														
Many other artists also recorded there from time to time, including those that were on Heard's record label, Fingerprint Records.																																														
On the evening of July 13, 1863, two men from Washington and Boston, respectively, leave their homes after showing signs of agitation and distress throughout the day.																																														
The Nissan Diesel RN (kana:日産ディーゼル・RN) is a one-step light-duty bus produced by the Japanese manufacturer Nissan Diesel from 1996 until 2003.																																														
Geoff Leventhall, a noise and vibration expert, has suggested cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) may be effective in helping those affected, saying that "It's a question of whether you tense up to the noise or are relaxed about it.																																														
After graduating from Cincinnati, he was signed by the Bills as an undrafted free agent in 2009, and cut on August 16, 2010.																																														
The recognized species in this genus are: Batrachoides boulengeri C. H. Gilbert & Starks, 1904 (Boulenger's toadfish) Batrachoides gilberti Meek & Hildebrand, 1928 (large-eye toadfish) Batrachoides goldmani Evermann & Goldsborough, 1902 (Mexican freshwater toadfish) Batrachoides liberiensis (Steindachner, 1867) (hairy toadfish) Batrachoides manglae Cervigón, 1964 (cotuero toadfish) Batrachoides pacifici (Günther, 1861) (Pacific toadfish) Batrachoides surinamensis (Bloch & J. G. Schneider, 1801) (Pacuma toadfish) Batrachoides walkeri Collette & Russo, 1981 (Walker's toadfish) Batrachoides waltersi Collette & Russo, 1981 (Walters' toadfish)   =																																														
A 35 Hz hum in Windsor, Ontario, is thought to have originated from a steelworks on the industrial zone of Zug Island near Detroit, with reports of the noise ceasing after the U.S. Steel plant there ceased operations in April 2020.																																														
Variety wrote, "What could have been a reasonably interesting thriller literally goes to pieces in last third, until the brain seems the most salient part missing".																																														
Despite what their names might suggest, centipedes ("hundred feet") may have fewer than 20 or more than 300 legs, and millipedes ("thousand feet") have fewer than 1,000 legs, but up to 750.																																														
The limb was kept at the Royal College of Surgeons in London, but was destroyed in World War II during an air raid.																																														
The competition is organized and held by the Professional Darts Corporation, with the 2010 edition having a maximum prize fund of £189,000.																																														
* Mervyn King withdrew from the tournament after Group 1 due to injury, with Co Stompé taking his place in Group 2.																																														
The tournament was available globally through the internet, except in the United States of America where it cannot be shown for legal reasons.																																														
The dates were as follows: Group 1 – Tuesday September 7 Group 2 – Wednesday September 8 Group 3 – Thursday September 9 Group 4 – Tuesday September 21 Group 5 – Wednesday September 22 Group 6 – Thursday September 23 Group 7 – Tuesday October 12 Group 8 – Wednesday October 13 Winners Group – Thursday October 14The tournament took place at the Crondon Park Golf Club in Essex.																																														
Players must have been in the top 29 places in the PDC Order of Merit following the 2010 World Matchplay in order to qualify.																																														
In the winners group the prize money were as follows:  Group Matches – £100 per leg won Play-off Matches – £200 per leg wonIn addition the winners group had separate prizes for the winner, runner-up and losing semi-finalists.																																														
The runner-up, losing semi-finalists and the players finishing fifth and sixth moved into group two, where they were joined by the next three players in the Order of Merit.																																														
** Raymond van Barneveld was due to play in Group 4 but withdrew due to injury, with Dennis Priestley taking his place in the group.																																														
Barciany Barten Bartoszyce Bartenstein Dąbrówno Gilgenburg Działdowo Soldau Ełk Lyck Giżycko Lötzen Gołdap Goldap Górowo Iławeckie Landsberg Grzybowo Grzybowen Iława Deutsch Eylau Kętrzyn Rastenburg Lyna Lahna Miłakowo Liebstadt Miłomłyn Liebemühl Morąg Mohrungen Mrągowo Sensburg Nidzica Neidenburg Olecko Marggrabowa, 1928 Treuburg Olsztynek Hohenstein Orzysz Arys Ostróda Osterode Pasłęk Preussisch Holland Pisz Johannisburg Ryn Rhein Szczytno Ortelsburg Szkotowo Skottau Węgorzewo Angerburg Zalewo Saalfeld   =																																														
Château Suau is a sweet white wine ranked as Second Cru Classé (French, “Second Growth”) in the original Bordeaux Wine Official Classification of 1855.																																														
Cova da Beira was initially a separate Indicação de Proveniencia Regulamentada (IPR) region (and was the largest IPR in Portugal in terms of land planted with vines), but in 2005, it became one of three subregions of the Beira Interior DOC, which has the higher Denominação de Origem Controlada (DOC) status.																																														
The region was initially a separate Indicação de Proveniencia Regulamentada (IPR) region, but in 2006, it became one of three subregions of the Trás-os-Montes DOC, which has the higher Denominação de Origem Controlada (DOC) status.																																														
Trimbach produces many of its high-end wines from its own vineyards, but also operates a négociant business which buys grapes to produce additional wines.																																														
The principle grapes of the Cartaxo region include Arinto, Castelao Nacional, Fernao Pires, Periquita, Preto Martinho, Tinta Amarela,  Trincadeira das Pratas, Ugni blanc and Vital.																																														
Pott left Château Troplong Mondont after a year to become director at Château La Tour Figeac, a Grand Cru Classé located in Saint-Emilion.																																														
About a 70% of the local wines are produced from the red Nebbiolo grape, which is native to the neighboring Piedmont region.																																														
Notable people with the surname include:  Annemarie von Nathusius (1874-1926), German novelist Elsbeth von Nathusius (1846-1928), German novelist Hermann von Nathusius (1809–1879),  German animal breeder Johann Gottlob Nathusius (1760–1835), German industrialist Johanne Philippine Nathusius (1828-1885), German religious philanthropist Marie Nathusius (1817-1857), German novelist Martin von Nathusius (1843-1906), German theologian Philipp von Nathusius (publisher) (1815-1872), German publisher Susanne von Nathusius (1850–1929), German portrait painter Suzanna von Nathusius, Polish child film actor Thomas von Nathusius (1866–1904), German landscape and animal painter Wilhelm von Nathusius (1821-1899), German biologist Wilhelm von Nathusius (officer) (1856-1937), German Major General   =																																														
The company, headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama and was created in 2002 when Regions Trust was combined with Morgan Keegan Trust to create Regions Morgan Keegan Trust.																																														
The region has the second tier Indicação de Proveniencia Regulamentada (IPR) classification and may some day be promoted to Denominação de Origem Controlada (DOC).																																														
In 1976 R.J.Clarke classified it as Homo erectus and it has generally been viewed that way, although points of similarity to H. sapiens have also been recognized.																																														
Rose Stone and Larry Graham) (Nevil, Steve Dubin, Kevin Savigar, Jeff Pescetto) - 4:26 "Tell Me Something Good" (Stevie Wonder) - 3:41 "What Everybody Wants" (Nevil, Tommy Faragher, Lotti Golden) - 4:36 "Goin' Through the Motions" (Nevil, Mark Mueller) - 3:18 "Partners in Crime" (Nevil, John Peart Charles) - 4:34 "Welcome to the Party" (Nevil, Tommy Faragher, Lotti Golden)- 4:15 "Paradise" (Nevil) - 3:00 "Sensual" (Nevil, Steve Dubin, Mark Mueller) - 4:36 "Same Ole Song" (Nevil) - 4:08   =																																														
The "billion" in bya is the 109 "billion" of the short scale of the U.S., not the long-scale 1012 "billion" of some European usage.																																														
4 of 5 to Pharaoh, from "Milkilu of Gazru"-(modern Gezer):  Say to the king, my lord, my god, my Sun: Message of Milkilu, your servant, the dirt at your feet.																																														
1024 gibibitsThe tebibit is closely related to the terabit, the corresponding unit using the metric prefix tera, which is 1012 bits.																																														
Since the right ascension and declination of stars are constantly changing due to precession, astronomers always specify these with reference to a particular equinox.																																														
Mathematically, the climatological annual cycle is commonly estimated from observational data or model output by taking the average of all Januaries, all Februaries, and so forth.																																														
In this case, "79 Ma" means only a quantity of 79 million years, without the meaning of "79 million years ago".																																														
Cyril Fagan, a Western sidereal astrologer, assumed the origin of the zodiac to be based on a major conjunction that occurred in 786 BC when the vernal equinox lay somewhere in mid-Aries corresponding to a difference of some 39 degrees or days.																																														
The tebibit is a multiple of the bit, a unit of information, prefixed by the standards-based multiplier tebi (symbol Ti), a binary prefix meaning 240.																																														
Hence, for Earth, it is also the time taken for the Sun to return to the same position relative to Earth with respect to the fixed stars after apparently travelling once around the ecliptic.																																														
Robert Sawyer Herbert 20 March 1750 – 3 April 1756 Henry Herbert, 10th Earl of Pembroke 3 April 1756 – 22 March 1780 Thomas Brudenell-Bruce, 1st Earl of Ailesbury 22 March 1780 – 8 April 1782 Henry Herbert, 10th Earl of Pembroke 8 April 1782 – 26 January 1794 George Herbert, 11th Earl of Pembroke 21 March 1794 – 26 October 1827 Henry Petty-Fitzmaurice, 3rd Marquess of Lansdowne 23 November 1827 – 31 January 1863 George Brudenell-Bruce, 2nd Marquess of Ailesbury 25 March 1863 – 6 January 1878 Jacob Pleydell-Bouverie, 4th Earl of Radnor 18 March 1878 – 11 March 1889 John Thynne, 4th Marquess of Bath 1 April 1889 – 20 April 1896 Henry Petty-Fitzmaurice, 5th Marquess of Lansdowne 1 June 1896 – 3 March 1920 Walter Long, 1st Viscount Long 3 March 1920 – 26 September 1924 Jacob Pleydell-Bouverie, 6th Earl of Radnor 22 December 1924 – 26 June 1930 Sir Ernest Wills, 3rd Baronet 7 October 1930 – 4 May 1942 Evelyn Seymour, 17th Duke of Somerset 4 May 1942 – 26 April 1954 Sidney Herbert, 16th Earl of Pembroke 7 September 1954 – 16 March 1969 John Morrison, 1st Baron Margadale 26 August 1969 – 17 December 1981 Sir Hugh Trefusis Brassey 17 December 1981 – 15 December 1989 Field Marshal Sir Roland Gibbs 15 December 1989 – 5 July 1996 Lt-General Sir Maurice Johnston 5 July 1996 – 10 November 2004 John Barnard Bush 10 November 2004 – February 2012 Sarah Rose Troughton February 2012 – present   =																																														
He played for military clubs from Wilno and Grodno, eventually joining Legia Warsaw, where he played from 1927 until 1936.																																														
Assistant missioner at Rotherhithe until 1938, he was subsequently chaplain at St Stephen's House, Oxford, and then served in the Second World War as a chaplain to the Forces.																																														
Freshly outfitted by France and the United States, FANT drove Libyan troops from their bases in northern Chad in a series of victories in 1987, during the Toyota War; but it dissolved defeated by the Patriotic Salvation Movement (MPS) led by Idriss Déby, who conquered the capital N'Djamena on December 2, 1990.																																														
Specific field armies are usually named or numbered to distinguish them from "army" in the sense of an entire national land military force.																																														
Trentiy Parafilo was born on 28 October 1901 in Brovarky, in the Kremenchugsky Uyezd of the Poltava Governorate of the Russian Empire (present-day Ukraine).																																														
William Brooke, 10th Baron Cobham 3 July 1585 – 6 March 1597 Henry Brooke, 11th Baron Cobham 29 October 1597 – 24 March 1603 Edward Wotton, 1st Baron Wotton 28 January 1604 – 31 May 1620 George Villiers, 1st Marquess of Buckingham 31 May 1620 – 8 June 1620 Ludovic Stuart, 2nd Duke of Lennox 8 June 1620 – 16 February 1624 Philip Herbert, 4th Earl of Pembroke 20 March 1624 – 1642 Interregnum Heneage Finch, 3rd Earl of Winchilsea 10 July 1660 – 16 January 1688 jointly with Thomas Wriothesley, 4th Earl of Southampton 16 July 1662 – 16 May 1667 and Charles Stewart, 3rd Duke of Richmond 13 May 1668 – 12 December 1672 Christopher Roper, 5th Baron Teynham 16 January 1688 – 25 October 1688 Louis de Duras, 2nd Earl of Feversham 25 October 1688 – 17 May 1689 Heneage Finch, 3rd Earl of Winchilsea 17 May 1689 – 3 October 1689 Henry Sydney, 1st Earl of Romney 3 October 1689 – 8 April 1704 jointly with Vere Fane, 4th Earl of Westmorland 18 April 1692 – 29 December 1693 Charles Finch, 4th Earl of Winchilsea 2 May 1704 – 6 April 1705 Lewis Watson, 1st Earl of Rockingham 6 April 1705 – 19 March 1724 John Sidney, 6th Earl of Leicester 3 June 1724 – 27 September 1737 Lewis Watson, 2nd Earl of Rockingham 17 November 1737 – 4 November 1745 Thomas Watson, 3rd Earl of Rockingham January 1746 – 26 February 1746 Lionel Sackville, 1st Duke of Dorset 8 July 1746 – 10 October 1765 Charles Sackville, 2nd Duke of Dorset 17 December 1765 – 5 January 1769 John Sackville, 3rd Duke of Dorset 27 January 1769 – 30 June 1797 Charles Marsham, 1st Earl of Romney 30 June 1797 – 9 June 1808 John Pratt, 1st Marquess Camden 9 June 1808 – 8 October 1840 Henry Tufton, 11th Earl of Thanet 16 November 1840 – 19 October 1846 George Cowper, 6th Earl Cowper 19 October 1846 – 15 April 1856 John Townshend, 1st Earl Sydney 10 June 1856 – 14 February 1890 Arthur Stanhope, 6th Earl Stanhope 18 March 1890 – 19 April 1905 John Pratt, 4th Marquess Camden 5 June 1905 – 14 December 1943 Wykeham Stanley Cornwallis, 2nd Baron Cornwallis 1 September 1944 – 1972 Gavin Astor, 2nd Baron Astor of Hever 2 August 1972 – 2 August 1982 Robert Leigh-Pemberton, Esquire 2 August 1982 – 23 January 2002 Allan Willett 23 January 2002 – 24 August 2011 Philip Sidney, 2nd Viscount De L’Isle 1 September 2011 - 21 April 2020 Annabel Rose Campbell, Baroness Colgrain 22 April 2020 -    =																																														
The 42 currently recognized species in this genus are: Physiculus andriashevi Shcherbachev, 1993 Physiculus argyropastus Alcock, 1894 Physiculus beckeri Shcherbachev, 1993 Physiculus bertelseni Shcherbachev, 1993 Physiculus capensis Gilchrist, 1922 Physiculus chigodarana Paulin, 1989 Physiculus cirm Carvalho-Filho & Pires, 2019 Physiculus coheni Paulin, 1989 Physiculus cyanostrophus M. E. Anderson & Tweddle, 2002 Physiculus cynodon Sazonov, 1986 Physiculus dalwigki Kaup, 1858 (black codling) Physiculus fedorovi Shcherbachev, 1993 Physiculus fulvus T. H. Bean, 1884 (hakeling) Physiculus grinnelli D. S. Jordan & E. K. Jordan, 1922 Physiculus helenaensis Paulin, 1989 (skulpin) Physiculus hexacytus Parin, 1984 Physiculus huloti Poll, 1953 Physiculus japonicus Hilgendorf, 1879 (Japanese codling) Physiculus karrerae Paulin, 1989 Physiculus kaupi Poey, 1865 Physiculus longicavis Parin, 1984 Physiculus longifilis M. C. W. Weber, 1913 (filament cod) Physiculus luminosus Paulin, 1983 (Luminescent cod) Physiculus marisrubri Brüss, 1986 Physiculus maslowskii Trunov, 1991 Physiculus microbarbata Paulin & Matallanas, 1990 Physiculus natalensis Gilchrist, 1922 Physiculus nematopus C. H. Gilbert, 1890 (charcoal mora) Physiculus nielseni Shcherbachev, 1993 Physiculus nigrescens H. M. Smith & Radcliffe, 1912 (darktip cod) Physiculus nigripinnis Okamura, 1982 Physiculus normani Brüss, 1986 Physiculus parini Paulin, 1991 Physiculus peregrinus (Günther, 1872) Physiculus rastrelliger C. H. Gilbert, 1890 (hundred fathom mora) Physiculus rhodopinnis Okamura, 1982 Physiculus roseus Alcock, 1891 (rosy cod) Physiculus sazonovi Paulin, 1991 Physiculus sterops Paulin, 1989 Physiculus sudanensis Paulin, 1989 Physiculus talarae Hildebrand & F. O. Barton, 1949 (Peruvian mora) Physiculus therosideros Paulin, 1987 (scalyfin cod) Physiculus yoshidae Okamura, 1982   =																																														
The regiment marched quickly to join the gathering forces of General Horatio Gates as he faced British General John Burgoyne in northern New York.																																														
The Ninth Army was recreated on 6 July 1918 under command of Antoine de Mitry to fight in the Second Battle of the Marne.																																														
He stayed in the service, guarded the Mexican border in the 1920s and served in The Second World War as well.																																														
In the 1980s, the development of pulmonary surfactant replacement therapy further improved survival of extremely premature infants and decreased chronic lung disease, one of the complications of mechanical ventilation, among less severely premature infants.																																														
Infants put to sleep in the supine position have been found to reach motor developmental milestones (e.g. crawling, rolling, and sitting) at a slower rate compared to infants who sleep in the prone position.																																														
Recent research has shown that the phenomenon of decreased responsiveness and attention was not limited to infants with mild to severe head and face deformities.																																														
Infants respond to the sound of snake hissing, angry voices of adults, the crackling sound of a fire, thunder, and the cries of other infants.																																														
It would be later revealed that the shooter held off the shot when he saw the Pope hold baby Sara in the air.																																														
The researchers believe they have established a relationship between the attractiveness of an infant and his or her treatment by the caregiver for normal children of different attractiveness.																																														
The World Health Organization recommends that infants be exclusively breastfed until approximately six months of age, followed by continued breastfeeding and gradual introduction of solid foods.																																														
The main concept promoted by the author is to build a flexible routine for babies, from a very early age, of eating, followed by activity, followed by sleep.																																														
David Brin speculates that many factors, such as enlarging brain size, changing environments and selection pressures, have contributed to changes in facial structure over time.																																														
They may also act as general pediatricians, providing well newborn evaluation and care in the hospital where they are based.																																														
Ivo Lah (pronounced [ˈiːʋɔ ˈlax]; 5 September 1896 – 23 March  1979) was a Slovenian mathematician and actuary, best known for his discovery of the Lah numbers in 1955 and for the Lah identity.																																														
By raising public awareness about animal welfare in Egypt, SPARE works continuously to convince Egyptians that compassion towards animals is not a luxury, it's a must.																																														
Cordaid is part of several networks, among them CIDSE, Caritas International, Medicus Mundi International, and the ACT Alliance.																																														
This certification is not as fully considered as, for example, organic certification, but because it considers a wide range of 'ethical' points, the consumer may be able to purchase a well-rounded and 'morally' sound item if it bears the LFP label.																																														
With the adoption in September 2015 of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, the Fund undertook to prioritize projects that, inter alia, hold governments accountable with regard to working to meet the Sustainable Development Goals.																																														
The Food Chain also won The Guardian Charity of the Year award in 2005, and the National Lottery 'Inspiration' award in 2006.																																														
HSPD-5 (regarding the national response plan) and HSPD-8 (regarding preparedness) are being used by the USDA Homeland Security Staff in implementing HSPD-9.																																														
These currently include the International Society of Food Engineers (ISFE), the International Society for Nutraceuticals and Functional Foods (ISNFF), the International Symposium on the Properties of Water (ISOPOW), the International Food Research Collaboration (IFRC) and the International Society of Food Applications of Nanoscale Sciences (ISFANS).																																														
It simply helps people in need, especially those most who are vulnerable, such as women, children, and senior citizens.																																														
Moved With Compassion - The History of Caritas Europa - Festschrift on the Occasion of the 25th Anniversary of Caritas Europa's Statutes 1993-2018.																																														
John Bernard (1989–2002) Laura van der Blij (2013) Heleen de Boer (1989–1991) Jennifer Faber (2014-2018) Helga van Leur (1997-2017) Amara Onwuka (2013-2019) Harry Otten (1989–2000) Margot Ribberink (1993-2014) Peter Timofeeff (1996-2015) Dennis Wilt (2008-2019)   =																																														
The "Golden Rule Sunday" as it became known, encouraged people to eat something simple—namely staple menus typically served in orphanages—and offer the money they saved as a donation to the orphans of the Armenian Genocide.																																														
However, the next type, the "speculative borrower", the cash flow from investments can service the debt, i.e., cover the interest due, but the borrower must regularly roll over, or re-borrow, the principal.																																														
The principal paid off by the last (nth) principal payment is outstanding for all n periods, while the principal paid off by the second to last ((n − 1)th) principal payment is outstanding for n − 1 periods, and so forth.																																														
S&P however uses a log regression between the log cds and the ratings equivalent number, adjusted to  firm specifics, continent, and outlook.																																														
A beach bum trust provision, in the law of trusts, ties the ability of a trust beneficiary to take from the trust to the beneficiary's own earnings.																																														
An appraised value (United States) or mortgage valuation (Australia) pertains to the assessed value of real property in the opinion of a qualified appraiser or valuer.																																														
Eligible collateral included U.S. dollar-denominated cash ABS with a long-term credit rating in the highest investment-grade rating category from two or more major nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (NRSROs) and do not have a long-term credit rating of below the highest investment-grade rating category from a major NRSRO.																																														
If the yield gap is numerically large, then equity yield is higher than bond yield implying that the equity is cheap.																																														
NBK Capital was established in July 2005 as a fully owned subsidiary of the National Bank of Kuwait (NBK), the largest Kuwaiti bank and the highest rated in the Middle East.																																														
At an elementary level, this includes the refusal to answer one's phone by screening one's calls or by ignoring mailed notices informing the debtor of the debt.																																														
Under Fannie Mae's new guidance, loan servicers can use foreclosure prevention tools to assist distressed borrowers when a borrower demonstrates the need.																																														
Under the program, a lender would be responsible for reducing total monthly mortgage payments (PITI) to no more than 38 percent of the borrower's income, with the government sharing the cost to further reduce the payment to 31 percent.																																														
This hantu is considered the strongest among evil spirits of the jungles of Malaysia, and takes the appearance of its owner.																																														
The albums were sponsored by Myer and produced by Emerald City records, a division of Polydor Records and later produced by Sony BMG.																																														
Although commonly translated as "soul" today, in the epics of Homer it meant "life" and did not have any connection to consciousness or psychological functions in the living.																																														
After passing an entire night in the Purgatory, he returns to the church where he began his journey, purged of his sins.																																														
Thus the Kalunga line became known as a line under the Atlantic Ocean where the living became the dead and the only way back to life was to recross the line.																																														
In a court trial, the woman's mother claimed that her daughter's ghost told her she had been murdered.																																														
Fear of ghosts, their vengeance and mischief is a common base for a plot in the ghost story literary genre and in ghost movies.																																														
The Gay Ghost, or the Grim Ghost, a DC Comics character Gentleman Ghost, or the Ghost, a DC Comics villain The Grim Ghost, an Atlas/Seaboard Comics character Casper, a funny looking "do-good" ghost in Harvey Comics   =																																														
By the 5th century BC, classical Greek ghosts had become haunting, frightening creatures who could work to either good or evil purposes.																																														
We Insist (Ghost) – 2:33 "Comin' Home" (Ghost) – 4:11 "Way to Shelkar" (Ghost) – 5:16 "Images of April" (Pearls Before Swine, Tom Rapp) – 3:09 "Lhasalhasa" (Ghost) – 3:28 "Remember" (Ghost) – 2:55 "Change the World" (Ghost) – 4:41 "Tune in, Turn on, Free Tibet" (Ghost) – 33:54   =																																														
Thomas Lynn Bradford (1872/1873 – February 5, 1921) of Detroit, Michigan was a spiritualist who committed suicide in an attempt to ascertain the existence of an afterlife and communicate that information to a living accomplice, Ruth Doran.																																														
There are currently 19 recognized species in this genus: Pollimyrus adspersus (Günther 1866) Pollimyrus brevis (Boulenger 1913) (Dungu mormyrid) Pollimyrus castelnaui (Boulenger, 1911) (Dwarf stonebasher) Pollimyrus cuandoensis B. J. Kramer, van der Bank & Wink 2013 (Kwando mormyrid) Pollimyrus eburneensis Bigorne, 1991 (Agnebi elephantfish) Pollimyrus guttatus (Fowler 1936) (Cameroon mormyrid) Pollimyrus isidori (Valenciennes 1847) Pollimyrus isidori fasciaticeps (Boulenger 1920) Pollimyrus isidori isidori (Valenciennes 1847) Pollimyrus isidori osborni (Nichols & Griscom 1917) Pollimyrus maculipinnis (Nichols & La Monte 1934) (Kananga mormyrid) Pollimyrus marianne B. J. Kramer van der Bank, Flint, Sauer-Gürth & Wink 2003 (Lisikili mormyrid) Pollimyrus nigricans (Boulenger 1906) (Dark stonebasher) Pollimyrus nigripinnis (Boulenger, 1899) (Kutu mormyrid) Pollimyrus pedunculatus (L.																																														
It has two subspecies: the common beisa oryx (Oryx beisa beisa) found in steppe and semidesert throughout the Horn of Africa and north of the Tana River, and the fringe-eared oryx (Oryx beisa callotis) south of the Tana River in southern Kenya and parts of Tanzania.																																														
Along with Allotinus maximus this species forms the major group of Allotinus, which is restricted to the Sulawesi region.																																														
The Upemba lechwe (Kobus leche anselli) is a subspecies of antelope found only in the Upemba wetlands in the Democratic Republic of Congo.																																														
The Landana firefinch (Lagonosticta landanae), also known as the pale-billed firefinch, is a species of estrildid finch found in central Africa.																																														
It is found in Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda.																																														
In 1910 Arnold and Johnson from the United States Geological Survey proposed the name "Antelope Hills" for "the group of low hills [that] are a range for the few wild antelope left in this region".																																														
Boie, 1826) – Boie's many-toothed snake Sibynophis melanocephalus (Gray, 1835) – black-headed collared snake, Malayan many-toothed snake Sibynophis sagittarius (Cantor, 1839) – Cantor's black-headed snake Sibynophis subpunctatus (A.M.C. Duméril, Bibron, & A.H.A. Duméril, 1854) – Duméril's black-headed snake, Jerdon's many-toothed snake Sibynophis triangularis Taylor, 1965 – triangle many-tooth snake, triangulate collared snake   =																																														
The Harvey's red duiker (Cephalophus harveyi) is one of 19 species of duiker found in Tanzania and scattered through Kenya, southern Somalia and possibly central Ethiopia.																																														
Following Groves (2005), the species within Cephalophus include: Aders's duiker Cephalophus adersi Brooke's duiker Cephalophus brookei Peters' duiker Cephalophus callipygus Bay duiker Cephalophus dorsalis Jentink's duiker Cephalophus jentinki White-bellied duiker Cephalophus leucogaster Red duiker Cephalophus natalensis Black duiker Cephalophus niger Black-fronted duiker Cephalophus nigrifrons Ogilby's duiker Cephalophus ogilbyi Ruwenzori duiker Cephalophus rubidus Red-flanked duiker Cephalophus rufilatus Yellow-backed duiker Cephalophus silvicultor Abbott's duiker Cephalophus spadix Weyns's duiker Cephalophus weynsi Zebra duiker Cephalophus zebra   =																																														
Lamprologus kungweensis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is known from the northwestern part of the lake in Kungwe Bay, Kigoma, Tanzania where it can be found living in shells.																																														
It is the first Indian Copper Producer to be accredited with ISO 9002 certification for Continuous Cast Rod Manufacturer at its Taloja Plant and for manufacture of cathode at its refineries both at Indian Copper Complex, Ghatsila, Jharkhand and Khetri Copper Complex, Khetri, Rajasthan Hindustan Copper Limited is engaged in mining and smelting of copper, having its production facilities and offices at various locations across the country.																																														
The resulting disulfides are less odorous and usually very viscous, and are usually removed from the lower-boiling fractions and left in the heavy fuel oil fraction.																																														
Although for over 100 years people had been suggesting various ways of uniting copper and steel, it was not until the period mentioned that Farmer and Milliken tried wrapping a strip of copper about a steel wire.																																														
Aluminium bronzes are most valued for their higher strength and corrosion resistance as compared to other bronze alloys.																																														
Indo–Roman trade relations are well known from historical texts such as Pliny's Natural History (book VI, 26), and tin is mentioned as one of the resources being exported from Rome to South Arabia, Somaliland, and India (Penhallurick 1986, p. 53; Dayton 2003, p. 165).																																														
Some traditional areas include mineral processing, metal production, heat treatment, failure analysis, and the joining of metals (including welding, brazing, and soldering).																																														
48% magnesite thus resulting 8,600 tonnes of nickel, 378 tonnes of copper, 192,500 tonnes of iron, 309,800 tonnes of silica and 59,700 tonnes of magnesite.																																														
The Myszków mine is a large mine in the centre of Poland in Myszków, Myszków County, 258 km south-west of the capital, Warsaw.																																														
A pseudomorph is a mineral that has replaced another mineral atom by atom, but it leaves the original mineral's crystal shape intact.																																														
These adsorb on copper surfaces, by forming coordination bonds with copper atoms and form thicker films through formation of copper (I) – N–heterocycle complexes.																																														
Generally, the scrap is charged to a reverberatory furnace (other methods appear to be either less economical and/or dangerous) and melted down to form a "bath".																																														
The following villages are situated along the river Slănic, from source to mouth: Terca, Luncile, Lopătari, Săreni, Mânzălești, Beșlii, Sârbești, Vintilă Vodă, Bodinești, Niculești, Podu Muncii, Petrăchești, Dogari, Arbănași, Gura Dimienii, Mărgăriți, Beceni, Valea Părului, Cărpiniștea, Izvoru Dulce, Fulga, Aldeni, Manasia, Căldărușa, Zărneștii de Slănic, Vlădeni, Cernătești and Săpoca.																																														
The name of the river is composed of the Komi-Permyak words ‘kös’ (dry) and ‘va’ (water), that can be translated as ‘dry water’.																																														
The following villages are situated along the river Bratia, from source to mouth: Cândești, Bratia, Gămăcești, Berevoești, Aninoasa, Valea Siliștii, Vlădești, Poienița, Golești, Bălilești and Băjești.																																														
The stream is formed at the western slope of Monte Granero in the Cottian Alps and initially runs northwards, before  turning east and reaching the comune of Bobbio Pellice.																																														
The beck rises on Dale Head and flows northwards through the picturesque Newlands Valley, past the settlement of Little Town and between Braithwaite and Portinscale before flowing into Bassenthwaite Lake north east of Thornthwaite.																																														
The following rivers are tributaries to the river Ozunca (from source to mouth):  Left: Valea cu Cireși, Pârâul Sărat, Valea Întunecoasă, Apa Roșie, Groapa Pârâului, Pârâul Șeii, Bodoș Right: Pârâul cu Borviz, Păstrăvul, Valea cu Mure, Pârâul Șoptitor   =																																														
[1]  The Sierra Crest demarcates the creek's drainage from the drainage of the Middle Fork San Joaquin River on the west.																																														
The Main Water of Luce rises in South Ayrshire, flows south to New Luce, where it is joined by the Cross Water of Luce, and flows into the Solway Firth at Luce Bay.																																														
The average discharge 166 kilometres (103 mi) from its mouth is 68 cubic metres per second (2,400 cu ft/s).																																														
There are several mountain and ski resorts in the valley, including Alpe d'Huez, La Grave and Les Deux Alpes.																																														
It is the inclined part of a delta that is found at the end of the stream channel as the delta sediment is deposited along the arcuate delta front.																																														
At the end of the mediation process, the separating parties will have typically developed a tailored divorce agreement that they can submit to the court.																																														
The Chino Fault extends along the eastern Chino Hills range region, from Corona in Riverside County to the Los Serranos, Chino Hills area of San Bernardino County in Southern California.																																														
Of the 580 lesbian couples who were married in 2005, 30% were divorced ten years later compared to 18% for heterosexual couples and 15% for gay male couples.																																														
A divorce may result in the parent and children moving to an area with a higher poverty rate and a poor education system all due to the financial struggles of a single parent.																																														
New York divorce law changed on August 15, 2010, when Governor David Paterson signed no-fault divorce into law in New York state.																																														
There is some variation among states, and the numbers have also varied over time, with about 60% of filings by women in most of the 20th century, and over 70% by women in some states just after no-fault divorce was introduced, according to the paper.																																														
The extension of civil marriage, union, and domestic partnership rights to same-sex couples in various jurisdictions can raise legal issues upon dissolution of these unions that are not experienced by opposite-sex couples, especially if law of their residence or nationality does not have same-sex marriage or partnerships.																																														
The predicted probability of a major earthquake on this fault within the next 30 years is relatively low, at 3%, compared to nearby faults such as the Hayward Fault.																																														
Since the lake ‘Lago Lanalhue’, is located on the fault trace and shows a NW-SE-elongated shape, ‘Lanalhue Fault Zone (LFZ)’ stands as appropriate name for the here discussed fault zone.																																														
The volume contains 9 short stories and 2 longer novellas:  Piranha to Scurfy (novella) Computer Seance Fair Exchange The Wink Catamount Walter's Leg The Professional The Beach Butler The Astronomical Scarf High Mysterious Union (novella) Myth (NB: not included in the US edition)   =																																														
The Year in Fantasy (Lin Carter) "The Jewel of Arwen" (Marion Zimmer Bradley) "The Sword Dyrnwyn" (Lloyd Alexander) "The Temple of Abomination" (Robert E. Howard) "The Double Tower" (Clark Ashton Smith and Lin Carter) "Trapped in the Shadowland" (Fritz Leiber) "Black Hawk of Valkarth" (Lin Carter) "Jewel Quest" (Hannes Bok) "The Emperor's Fan" (L.																																														
Schweizersagen, Leipzig 1881 Erinnerungen an Gottfried Keller, 1892 Conrad Ferdinand Meyer, sein Leben und seine Werke, 1900 Aus versunkenen Gärten   =																																														
In their research, the brothers made a science of the study of folklore (see folkloristics), generating a model of research that "launched general fieldwork in most European countries", and setting standards for research and analysis of stories and legends that made them pioneers in the field of folklore in the 19th century.																																														
The Frog Princess (2002)  ISBN 978-1619636170  ~ Bloomsbury USA Childrens; New edition (August 26, 2014) Dragon's Breath (2004) ISBN 978-1619636200  ~ Bloomsbury USA Childrens; New edition (August 26, 2014) Once Upon A Curse (2004) ISBN 978-1619636194  ~  Bloomsbury USA Childrens; New edition (August 26, 2014) No Place For Magic (2006) ISBN 978-1619636187 ~  Bloomsbury USA Childrens; Reprint edition (August 26, 2014) The Salamander Spell (2007) ISBN 978-1619636217 ~  Bloomsbury USA Childrens; New edition (February 24, 2015) The Dragon Princess (2008) ISBN 978-1599904481 ~ Bloomsbury USA Childrens; New edition (February 24, 2015) Dragon Kiss (2009) ISBN 978-1619636231 ~ Bloomsbury USA Childrens; New edition (February 24, 2015) A Prince Among Frogs (2009) ISBN 978-1619636248 ~ Bloomsbury USA Childrens; New edition (February 24, 2015) The Frog Princess Returns (2017) ISBN 978-1681191379 ~  Bloomsbury USA Childrens (June 6, 2017)   =																																														
The title story was selected to appear in the 1990 O. Henry Prize Stories collection and inspired the 2001 British-Dutch feature film The Island of the Mapmaker's Wife by Michie Gleason.																																														
It has been believed that Pushkin's is an original tale based on the Grimms' tale, "The Fisherman and his Wife".																																														
Pierre Clarac has remarked that, at about the age of 25, while they were a part of the Knights of the Round Table (Literary Circle), who were a group of ('robins'?																																														
The stories tended to vary from the folk tradition, for example the characters were made to be of genteel origin.																																														
Some of his formative years, from 1906 to 1913, were spent in Cuba, in the city of Santiago de Cuba, and he later returned to that nearby country, to Havana, living there from 1951 to 1954.																																														
In addition to The Execution of Mayor Yin collection and the translations of individual stories from that collection, there have been English translations of several of Chen Ruoxi's other story collections, as well as of individual stories.																																														
Laramie cigarettes are a popular fictional brand on The Simpsons; in reality, they have been out of production since the 1950s.																																														
Cienfuegos, a city on the southern coast of Cuba, is located near the Vuelta Arriba of the Remedios tobacco growing region, and the brand is one of the few Cuban cigar brands not born in the heartland of the prime tobacco growing region of Vuelta Abajo.																																														
Romeo y Julieta cigarettes are mainly sold in Cuba, but are or were sold in Spain, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Mexico Moldova and Russia.																																														
Vuelta Abajo (or Vueltabajo, literally: The lower roundtrip) is a geographic region in the Pinar del Río Province of Cuba.																																														
According to FAO, the market prices for betel leaves vary with wet and dry season in Sri Lanka, and in 2010 averaged SL Rs.																																														
Type 22 is harvested, stripped and hung inside curing barns and a fire is set to provide optimum conditions for curing the product for sale.																																														
In many jurisdictions, cigarillos and other cigars are taxed at lower rates than cigarettes, making them more appealing to low-income populations, including youth, young adults, and the unemployed.																																														
In response to these studies and their perceived threat to the tobacco industry's future profitability, tobacco companies experimented with new modifications to the cigarette design.																																														
The company was started and is currently owned by cigar maker Litto Gomez, who was called by Cigar Aficionado "arguably the most innovative mind in the cigar business".																																														
It has analgesic effects and has been the subject of research both to produce it synthetically by convenient routes and to develop analogues and derivatives which may have improved analgesic effects.																																														
Nicotiana () is a genus of herbaceous plants and shrubs in the family Solanaceae, that is indigenous to the Americas, Australia, Southwestern Africa and the South Pacific.																																														
1996 - did not compete 1999 - did not qualify 2001 - did not qualify 2003 - did not qualify 2005 - did not qualify 2007 - did not qualify 2010 - did not qualify 2012 - did not qualify 2014 - did not qualify 2016 - did not qualify 2018 - did not qualify 2022 – did not qualify   =																																														
The term is also used in video game speedrunning for the fastest achieved time in the game and category.																																														
Hong Kong Association of Athletics Affiliates Limited (Chinese: 香港田徑總會) is the sports governing body for the sport of athletics in Hong Kong, a special administrative region of China.																																														
The IAAF's first record in the event was for a mark set the year before the organization's formation.																																														
This list is a subsection of the List of members of the National Academy of Sciences, which includes approximately 2,000 members and 350 foreign associates of the United States National Academy of Sciences, each of whom is affiliated with one of 31 disciplinary sections.																																														
This term has particular utility in evolutionary coalescent theory, which models the process of genetic drift in reverse time.																																														
The team is based mostly on the young players from the league and competes every year to qualify for the FIFA U-17 World Cup and the UEFA European Under-17 Championship.																																														
The Latvian national futsal team is governed by the Latvian Football Federation, the governing body for futsal in Latvia and represents the country in international futsal competitions, such as the World Cup and the European Championships.																																														
The first World Record in the hammer throw for women (athletics) was recognised by the International Association of Athletics Federations in 1994.																																														
Clients are children suffering from genealogical bewilderment with a desire to learn something about their genetic antecedents by tracing family lineages to become enlightened about their ancestral social and cultural heritage; discover the geographical niche from which their ancestral population originated; and meet biological descendants.																																														
Before the event was an official world record event for women, Zhang set and improved the world record eight times.																																														
738, ranking it 23rd out of 75 journals in the category "Psychology" and 123rd out of 244 journals in the category "Neuroscience".																																														
It is not based on contingent features of any being's will, nor upon human wills in particular, so there is no sense in which Kant makes ethics "dependent" upon anything which has not always existed.																																														
Harold Schlosberg (January 3, 1904 – August 5, 1964) was an American psychologist who was professor of psychology at Brown University from 1928 until the end of his life.																																														
However, some researchers argue that context is important when evaluating the adaptiveness of a strategy, suggesting that in some contexts reappraisal may be maladaptive.																																														
He studied for two years at Penn College, Oskaloosa, Iowa, graduated from the University of Nebraska (1892), and subsequently completed a Ph.D. at Cornell University (1896).																																														
It can be viewed as a form of masochism, a sublimated form of sadism, or a means to experiencing algolagnia, a sexual tendency which is defined by deriving sexual pleasure and stimulation from physical pain.																																														
EPS in co-operation with The British Psychological Society published guidelines for members engaged psychological activities involving living animals.																																														
Social information processing refers to a theory of how individuals, especially children, establish (or fail to establish) successful relationships with society.																																														
Produced by Division 15 of the American Psychological Association (APA), the handbook broadly presents the theories, evidence and methodologies of educational psychology.																																														
Sclerolobium denudatum Vogel Sclerolobium duckei Dwyer Sclerolobium dwyeri Cowan Sclerolobium eriopetalum Ducke Sclerolobium friburgense Harms Sclerolobium froesii Pires Sclerolobium glaziovii Taub.																																														
Winners of the Gospel Music Association Dove Award for Songwriter of the Year are:   1969: Bill Gaither 1970: Bill Gaither 1971: Award vacated because of 1971 GMA vote-buying scandal Had been won by Bill Gaither before nullification 1972: Bill Gaither 1973: Bill Gaither 1974: Bill Gaither 1975: Bill Gaither 1976: Bill Gaither 1977: Bill Gaither 1978: Dallas Holm 1980: Don Francisco (Awards moved from September to April) 1981: Gary Chapman 1982: Dottie Rambo 1983: Michael Card 1984: Lanny Wolfe 1985: Michael W. Smith 1986: Gloria Gaither 1987: Dick and Melodie Tunney 1988: Larnelle Harris 1989: Steven Curtis Chapman 1990: Steven Curtis Chapman 1991: Steven Curtis Chapman 1992: Steven Curtis Chapman 1993: Steven Curtis Chapman 1994: Steven Curtis Chapman 1995: Steven Curtis Chapman 1996: Michael W. Smith 1997: Steven Curtis Chapman 1998: Steven Curtis Chapman 1999: Rich Mullins 2000: Michael W. Smith 2001: Nicole C. Mullen 2002: Bart Millard (of MercyMe) 2003: Nichole Nordeman 2004: Mark Hall 2005: Mark Hall 2006: Christa Wells 2007: Aaron Shust 2008: Cindy Morgan 2009: Steven Curtis Chapman 2010: Jennie Lee Riddle 2011: Gerald Crabb 2012: Michael Boggs 2013: Matt Redman 2014: Chris Tomlin 2015: Matt Maher (artist), Seth Mosley (non-artist) 2016: Lauren Daigle (artist), Jason Ingram (non-artist) 2017: Bart Millard (artist), Bernie Herms (non-artist) 2018: Matthew West (artist), Colby Wedgeworth (non-artist) 2019: Bart Millard (artist), Jason Ingram (non-artist) 2020: Zach Williams (artist), Jason Ingram (non-artist) 2021: Brandon Lake (artist), Jason Ingram (non-artist)   =																																														
Live at Ronnie Scott's is an album by American blues artist Taj Mahal recorded at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in 1988 and released in 1990.																																														
Anak Agung Ngurah Wahyu Trisnajaya (born 28 July 1988) better known as Ngurah Nanak, is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Liga 2 club Persela Lamongan.																																														
As of 2010, it has featured fourteen Major international reggae Acts and thirteen Australasian Acts accommodating reggae, funk, dub, hip-hop and soul.																																														
All in Sport was a syndicated newspaper comic strip created in the late 1940s by the cartoonist Chester "Chet" Adams, who earlier had drawn the Gigs and Gags feature during World War II.																																														
The WayOut Club's performances were led by female impersonator Steffan Whitfield, until his death from cancer in 2005.																																														
After his playing career, he became a coach with Le Touquet AC, RC Lens, OGC Nice, Nîmes Olympique, Tours FC, Al-Wahda FC, Club Africain, Red Star and Wuhan .																																														
It shows how the rivalry between the Crips and the Bloods are spreading out far beyond big cities.																																														
Mayor of the Sunset Strip is a 2003 documentary film on the life of Rodney Bingenheimer directed by George Hickenlooper, and produced by Chris Carter.																																														
Bounce, like crunk, Miami bass, Baltimore club and Juke music, is a highly regional form of urban dance music, which has nevertheless influenced a variety of other rap subgenres and even emerged in the mainstream.																																														
Michael Lamb (The Strictly Smokin' Big Band)  Syd Lawrence Vic Lewis Joe Loss Don Lusher (The Don Lusher Big Band)   =																																														
It was announced February 20, 2013, that OfficeMax and Office Depot would combine in an all-stock deal, creating the largest U.S. office-supplies chain.																																														
Following the merger with Chemical, in 1996, the new Chemical bought Chase Manhattan Bank and four years later would merge with J.P. Morgan & Co. to form JPMorgan Chase.																																														
In November 2003, MyTravel sold off its North America Cruise Division to NLG (National Leisure Group) of Woburn, Massachusetts.																																														
Previously he served as GM Chief Financial Officer (CFO) since  March 3, 2008 until CFO Chris Liddell moved into the position.																																														
In 1966, John J. Ryan & Co. was named co-manager of the $179-million bond issue for the New Jersey Turnpike which established the firm as one of the leading underwriters of municipal bonds in New Jersey.																																														
The Marvel was an automobile built at 284–290 Rivard Street, Detroit, Michigan, United States, by the Marvel Motor Car Company in 1907.																																														
It was established in 1935 by Mr Leung Kwai-Yee and later run by his son, Dr. Leung Ding Bong, the President of the former Urban Council of Hong Kong, and Japan-based Fuji Bank, and his family.																																														
It was a locally-licensed joint venture between the HSBC Holdings Plc — which held 70% ownership — and members of overseas businesses who held 30%.																																														
MHI was reorganized on April 1, 2002, when its subsidiaries were realigned and rebranded with the Mizuho name.																																														
Corporate & Investment Banking Business, including corporate savings, corporate loans, international settlements, trade financing, assets custody, M&A advisory, FX, fixed income, syndication among others.																																														
On 1 January 1990, the bank became independent through its transformation into a joint stock company under the name Komercijalna Banka A.D. Skopje.																																														
A bank wire transfer is a message to the receiving bank requesting them to effect payment in accordance with the instructions given.																																														
Schaefer, Mary S.: John Wiley & Sons (2007) Controller & CFO Guide to Accounts Payable Schaeffer, Mary S.: John Wiley & Sons (2006) Accounts Payable & Sarbanes Oxley   =																																														
Aegean Baltic Bank Attica Bank Cooperative Bank of Central Macedonia Cooperative Bank of Chania (Συνεταιριστική Τράπεζα Χανίων) Olympus Cooperative Bank Cooperative Bank of Epirus Cooperative Bank of Karditsa Cooperative Bank of Thessaly Optima bank Pancretan Cooperative Bank Vivabank   =																																														
The Brecon Old Bank was founded in Brecon in 1778 by John Wilkins (1713–1784), who was highly regarded by the directors of the Bank of England.																																														
56 billion in 2020) were made in September 2019, as against 661 million transactions worth ₹44 trillion (US$550 billion) the entire year 2013-15.																																														
0 IOTP (April 2000) RFC 2935 - Internet Open Trading Protocol (IOTP) HTTP Supplement (September 2000) RFC 3538 - Secure Electronic Transaction (SET) Supplement for the v1.																																														
As of 2010, many countries have either phased out the use of cheques altogether or signaled that they would do so in the future.																																														
A company named Lizardi & Co, then in good credit in the City, sold four bills of exchange to Mr. Misa, drawn from a bank in Cadiz.																																														
As of May 2020 it contains sixty-one species and one subspecies, found worldwide:  Formerly included:  Nomen dubium  E. americanus Nicolet, 1849   =																																														
Banking in India List of banks in India Reserve Bank of India Indian Financial System Code List of largest banks List of companies of India Make in India   =																																														
The difference between Visa Electron and Visa Debit, a similar product, is that payments with Visa Electron require that all the funds be available at the time of transfer, i.e., Visa Electron card accounts may not normally be overdrawn.																																														
The Papua Act 1905 was an act passed by the Parliament of Australia to transfer the territory of Papua from Britain to Australia.																																														
1696: Established as Apostolic Vicariate of Kiangsi from the Apostolic Vicariate of Chekiang and Kiangsi 1838: Suppressed to the Apostolic Vicariate of Chekiang and Kiangsi 1846: Restored as Apostolic Vicariate of Kiangsi from the Apostolic Vicariate of Chekiang and Kiangsi August 19, 1879: Renamed as Apostolic Vicariate of Northern Kiangsi August 25, 1920: Renamed as Apostolic Vicariate of Jiujiang December 3, 1924: Renamed as Apostolic Vicariate of Nanchang April 11, 1946: Promoted as Metropolitan Archdiocese of Nanchang   =																																														
A past oboe player, Gordon studied composition at King's College, Cambridge with Robin Holloway, and subsequently with Oliver Knussen and John Woolrich, and in Italy with Franco Donatoni.																																														
Allen Ginsberg American "beat generation" poet Annie Lennox (now an agnostic), lead singer of popular British pop rock duo Eurythmics Boy George, English singer Chrissie Hynde, lead singer and guitarist of the British–American rock band The Pretenders.																																														
One such rite is associated with crossing the equator on board a naval ship, but it can even be taken by passengers on board a cruise liner, who are not and do not become members of anything but the so-called "equator crossing club".																																														
(May 1, 1898 – January 12, 1924) Vicars Apostolic of Mongolia 蒙古 (Roman Rite) Bishop Florent Daguin, C.M. (July 17, 1857 – May 9, 1859) Bishop Joseph-Martial Mouly, C.M. (孟振生) (August 23, 1840 – April 28, 1846)   =																																														
The Shirt Tails were a mid-19th-century street gang based in the Five Points slum in Manhattan, New York, United States, who wore their shirts on the outside of their pants as 19th-century Chinese laborers would dress as a form of insignia and as a sign of gang group affiliation.																																														
The Telefol were acknowledged by the Min as being at the highest level of sacred knowledge, and groups such as the Baktaman were at the lowest level.																																														
(January 12, 1924 – May 5, 1931) Vicars Apostolic of Chahaer 察哈爾 (Roman Rite) Bishop Jeroom Van Aertselaer, C.I.C.M.																																														
The long title of the Act was: An Act to provide for the acceptance of British New Guinea as a Territory under the authority of the Commonwealth, and for the Government thereof.																																														
1680: Established as Apostolic Vicariate of Fujian from the Apostolic Vicariate of Cochin October 3, 1883: Renamed as Apostolic Vicariate of Northern Fo-kien December 27, 1923: Renamed as Apostolic Vicariate of Fuzhou April 11, 1946: Promoted as Metropolitan Archdiocese of Fuzhou   =																																														
Çatalca, now part of Istanbul Province Gelibolu, now part of Çanakkale Province İçel (Silifke), now part of Mersin Province Kozan, now part of Adana Province Şebinkarahisar, now part of Giresun Province Elazığ Madeni, now part of Elazığ Province Genç, now part of Bingöl Province Doğubeyazıt, now part of Ağrı Province Siverek, now part of Şanlıurfa Province   =																																														
Everybody Be Yoself (Chic Streetman) - 4:59 "Love Train" (Kenneth Gamble, Leon Huff) - 4:29 "Don't Say No" (Kevin Moore, Cynthia Tarr) - 4:17 "Infinite Eyes" (Essra Mohawk, Kevin Moore, John Lewis Parker) - 4:57 "Grandma's Hands" (Bill Withers) - 3:30 "Color Him Father" (R.																																														
As of late 2007, 7 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes 1H0C, 1J04, 1VJO, 2BKW, 2HUF, 2HUI, and 2HUU.																																														
FIPS region codes of Turkey ISO 3166-2 codes of Turkey Subdivisions of Turkey List of Turkish regions by Human Development Index   =																																														
However, if the atmosphere is the major source of moisture (this type is called dewfall), a certain amount of ventilation is needed to replace the vapor that is already condensed.																																														
Large-scale, natural irrigation without rainfall, such as in the Atacama Desert and Namib desert, however, is mostly attributed to fog water.																																														
12) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction  L-alanine + a 2-oxo acid                         ⇌                 {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons }    pyruvate + an L-amino acidThus, the two substrates of this enzyme are L-alanine and 2-oxo acid, whereas its two products are pyruvate and L-amino acid.																																														
Lichens that have only cyanobacterial symbionts do not have cephalodia: instead the cyanobacteria are widely distributed throughout the lichen.																																														
Other names in common use include AlaDH, L-alanine dehydrogenase, NAD+-linked alanine dehydrogenase, alpha-alanine dehydrogenase, NAD+-dependent alanine dehydrogenase, alanine oxidoreductase, and NADH-dependent alanine dehydrogenase.																																														
Large-scale dew harvesting systems have been made by the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIMA) with the participation of OPUR in the coastal, semiarid region of Kutch.																																														
These cover west Cornwall, including Truro, Penzance, Camborne, Falmouth, Hayle, Helston, Marazion, Newquay, Penryn, Perranporth, Redruth, St Agnes, St Columb and St Ives, plus the Isles of Scilly.																																														
The carbine has a skeleton butt that can be extended using the two tubes that are housed on either side of the receiver.																																														
Between 1941–1945, a total of 2,484 Soviet female snipers were functioning in this role, of whom about 500 survived the war.																																														
30-06 Springfield with all available bullet weights, one of the more popular loads being a 160-grain spitzer loaded to 3,000 ft/s (910 m/s).																																														
Japan  Japan Ground Self-Defense Force Fuji School Fuji School(Combined Training)Brigade JGSDF Artillery School Unit Ordnance School  Northern Army 2nd Division 2nd Artillery Regiment(Mechanized) 5th Brigade 5th Artillery Unit 7th Division 7th Artillery Regiment(Mechanized) 11th Brigade 11th Artillery Unit (Mechanized) Northern Army Combined Brigade 1st Sergeant Training Unit   =																																														
In manually operated firearms such as bolt-action, lever-action, and pump-action rifles and shotguns, the bolt is held fixed by its locking lugs during firing, forcing all the expanding gas forward.																																														
The Kynoch brand name was licensed by Eley to Kynamco, a British ammunition manufacturer, based in Suffolk, England, which continues to manufacture .																																														
32 Teat-fire, which used a unique cartridge to get around the Rollin White patent owned by Horace Smith and Daniel Wesson, proved very popular during the Civil War, with both soldiers and civilians.																																														
There do not appear to have been any military or law enforcement sales of the M96, probably for the same reasons.																																														
These guns have a firing range of close to 10 miles (16 km) and were intended for use against ships and landing craft.																																														
Despite being obsolete, they were still used during World War I, with updated shells, due to the lack of sufficient numbers of more modern mountain guns in Romanian Army service as well as the fact that during the 1916-1917 campaigns a large section of the front was in mountainous terrain.																																														
The FMG-9 never left the prototype stage, and never saw widespread production on any level, as the item was only produced by Magpul as a proof of concept.																																														
The townland in 1926 was part of Tullykeeran district electoral division as part of the Maghera dispensary (registrar's) district of Magherafelt Rural District.																																														
It gives off an auricular branch, which supplies the skin of the upper and back part of the auricula, communicating with the mastoid branch of the great auricular.																																														
The Arconce forms part of the commune's northeastern border, flows southwest through the middle of the commune, then forms part of its southwestern border.																																														
The anterior auricular branches of the superficial temporal artery are distributed to the anterior portion of the auricula, the lobule, and part of the external meatus, anastomosing with the posterior auricular.																																														
The size of the subclavian triangle varies with the extent of attachment of the clavicular portions of the Sternocleidomastoideus and Trapezius, and also with the height at which the Omohyoideus crosses the neck.																																														
The autonomic nerve is a small nerve which carries postganglionic sympathetic and parasympathetic neurons from the zygomaticotemporal nerve; a branch of the maxillary nerve, to the lacrimal nerve; a branch of the ophthalmic nerve.																																														
It passes over the superior transverse scapular ligament in most of the cases while below it through the suprascapular notch in some cases.																																														
The paramedian arteries, or posteromedial central arteries, are pontine arteries – branches of the basilar artery that supply the pontine nuclei, corticobulbar tract, corticospinal tract, and corticopontine tract, with rami supplying some middle cerebellar peduncle fibres, parts of the pontine tegmentum, and occasionally the medial part of the medial lemniscus.																																														
This article incorporates text in the public domain from page 190 of the 20th edition of Gray's Anatomy (1918)   =																																														
hyoid / larynx Infrahyoid muscles sternothyroid sternohyoid thyrohyoid omohyoid mandible Lateral pterygoid muscle lower lip Depressor labii inferioris muscle angle of mouth Depressor anguli oris muscle nasal septum Depressor septi nasi muscle   =																																														
The All-Ireland Senior Softball Singles title (M Donnelly 60 x 30 Singles) is an all-Ireland Gaelic Athletic Association competition between all 32 counties of Ireland which first commenced in 1925.																																														
She was elected to the Delaware County Council and served from 1989 to 1996 including as chair from 1991 to 1996.																																														
All of them have been released from prison much earlier than their due term without apologising for their illegal actions; Damborenea currently gets a substantial monthly allowance from the Spanish state.																																														
David W. Heckler (born March 7, 1947) is an American politician and judge from Pennsylvania who served as a Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate for the 10th district from 1993 to 1997.																																														
However the majority of the City Council was made up of Independents and often blocked legislation proposed by the League.																																														
This article incorporates public domain material from the Biographical Directory of the United States Congress website http://bioguide.																																														
Myles became one of several Liberal candidates elected to the provincial legislature in the provincial election of 1915, as premier Tobias Norris led the Liberal Party to a landslide victory of 40 seats out of 47.																																														
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly, 1944–1947 Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly, 1947–1950 Candidates of the Queensland state election, 1947 Hanlon Ministry   =																																														
Neal Collins (born July 6, 1982) is a Republican member of the South Carolina House of Representatives, representing the 5th district.																																														
The district is divided into six administrative posts, which include the following localities:  Posto Administrativo de Chiúre: Chiúre (Vila), Jonga, e Milamba Posto Administrativo de Chiúre-Velho: Micolene, e Salave, Posto Administrativo de Katapua: Meculane Posto Administrativo de Mazeze: Juravo, Mazeze, e Murocue Posto Administrativo de Namogelia: Bilibiza Posto Administrativo de Ocua: Marera, Ocua, e Samora Machel   =																																														
Tuggerah was an electoral district for the Legislative Assembly in the Australian State of New South Wales, which partly replaced Munmorah in 1981 and was named after the Tuggerah Lakes.																																														
During his tenure as member of the Punjab Assembly, he served in the provincial Punjab cabinet of Chief Minister Shehbaz Sharif as Provincial Minister of Punjab for Law and Parliamentary Affairs with the additional ministerial portfolio of Information, Culture and Youth Affairs.																																														
Dilawar Khan Gori was appointed governor of Malwa probably by Firuz of the house of Tughlaq, but made himself independent of the Delhi Sultanate for all practical purposes in 1401.																																														
Afars and Issas Commissioner – Christian Dablanc, High Commissioner of the Afars and Issas (1974–1976) Camille d'Ornano, High Commissioner of the Afars and Issas (1976–1977) Governing Council – Ali Aref Bourhan, President of the Governing Council (1967–1976) Abdallah Mohamed Kamil, President of the Governing Council (1976–1977)   =																																														
It returned two Members of Parliament (MPs) to the House of Commons of England from 1295 to 1707, to the House of Commons of Great Britain from 1707 to 1800, and then to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom until 1885.																																														
A Directory of the Members of the Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, 1758-1958, Public Archives of Nova Scotia (1958) Elliott, Shirley B. (1984).																																														
Only the governor may call the Legislature into special sessions, unlike other states where the legislature may call itself into session.																																														
The usher of the Black Rod bears a ceremonial black ebony staff, from which the title "black rod" arises.																																														
In July 2003, as Majority Leader of the Assembly, he successfully moved a motion to dissolve the State Civil Service Commission, State Independent Electoral Commission and the Judicial Service Commission, replacing them by management committees with members nominated by the governor.																																														
Horacio Rodríguez Larreta became mayor in 2015, after defeating Michetti in the primary elections and Martín Lousteau in a ballotage.																																														
Born in Ringwood, Hampshire, England, the son of Stephen and Sarah (Barnes) Barrow, Barrow emigrated to Chilliwack, British Columbia in 1892.																																														
Later, as Education Minister in the S. Nijalingappa Cabinet he was instrumental in the establishment of Bangalore University and Kittur Rani Chennamma Sainik Schools.																																														
He was again elected to the National Assembly in the 2002 parliamentary election, and later he was appointed as President of the Economic and Social Council on 10 November 2003.																																														
The second, a Gold Universe, posits that entropy will increase only until a moment of contraction, then gradually decrease.																																														
The first begins with a state of low entropy at the Big Bang which continually increases until the Big Crunch.																																														
He is involved in several international projects, including the Planck satellite, the Dark Energy Survey and the XMM Cluster Survey.																																														
In 1932, Einstein and De Sitter proposed an even simpler cosmic model by assuming a vanishing spatial curvature as well as a vanishing cosmological constant.																																														
After the discovery of the redshift-distance relationship (deduced by the inverse correlation of galactic brightness to redshift) by American astronomers Vesto Slipher and Edwin Hubble, the astrophysicist Georges Lemaître interpreted the redshift as evidence of universal expansion and thus a Big Bang, whereas Swiss astronomer Fritz Zwicky proposed that the redshift was caused by the photons losing energy as they passed through the matter and/or forces in intergalactic space.																																														
The exponential expansion of the scale factor means that the physical distance between any two non-accelerating observers will eventually be growing faster than the speed of light.																																														
Robert M. Wald (1947–) wrote a popular textbook on general relativity, studied the thermodynamics of black holes and created an axiomatic formulation of quantum field theory in curved spacetime.																																														
There are ways to cast de Sitter space with static coordinates (see de Sitter space), so unlike other FLRW models, de Sitter space can be thought of as a static solution to Einstein's equations even though the geodesics followed by observers necessarily diverge as expected from the expansion of physical spatial dimensions.																																														
The existence of phantom energy could cause the expansion of the universe to accelerate so quickly that a scenario known as the Big Rip, a possible end to the universe, occurs.																																														
The two main pigments of bile are bilirubin, which is yellow, and its oxidised form biliverdin, which is green.																																														
The enterogastric reflex is one of the three extrinsic reflexes of the gastrointestinal tract, the other two being the gastroileal reflex and the gastrocolic reflex.																																														
In an indirect positive test, the patient's serum is first treated with alcohol and later mixed with diazo reagent.																																														
The most common cause of bile duct obstruction is when gallstone(s) are dislodged from the gallbladder into the cystic duct or common bile duct resulting in a blockage.																																														
The British Society of Gastroenterology (BSG) guidelines specify that a duodenal biopsy is required for the diagnosis of adult celiac disease.																																														
During a meal, the bile is secreted into the duodenum to rid the body of waste stored in the bile as well as aid in the absorption of dietary fats and oils.																																														
Pancreatic juice, composed of the secretions of both ductal and acinar cells, contains the following digestive enzymes: Trypsinogen, which is an inactive(zymogenic) protease that, once activated in the duodenum into trypsin, breaks down proteins at the basic amino acids.																																														
Familial adenomatous polyposis (FAP), Gardner syndrome, Lynch syndrome, Muir–Torre syndrome, celiac disease, Peutz–Jeghers syndrome, Crohn's disease and juvenile polyposis syndrome are risk factors for developing this cancer.																																														
The major duodenal papilla (papilla of Vater) is a rounded projection in the duodenum into which the common bile duct and pancreatic duct drain.																																														
The pancreatic duct is generally regarded as abnormally enlarged if being over 3 mm in the head and 2 mm in the body or tail on CT scan.																																														
Favonigobius is a genus of gobies native to fresh, brackish and marine waters around the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.																																														
If an antipalindromic polynomial P has even degree 2n over a field k not of characteristic 2, then its "middle" coefficient (of power n) is 0 since an =																																														
This sand type forms in tropical waters through precipitation, sedimentation, and microbial activity, and is indicative of high energy environments.																																														
These species belong to the genus Macrobaenetes: Macrobaenetes algodonensis Tinkham, 1962 (algodones sand treader cricket) Macrobaenetes kelsoensis Tinkham, 1962 (kelso dunes giant sand-treader cricket) Macrobaenetes sierrapintae Tinkham, 1962 (sierra pinta giant sand-treader cricket) Macrobaenetes valgum (Strohecker, 1960) (coachella giant sand-treader cricket)   =																																														
Sugar sand, the local name for a type of fine sandy soil found in the Pine Barrens of South Jersey in the U.S. state of New Jersey.																																														
Dubai Creek Tower (Arabic: برج خور دبي, burj khūr dubay) is a building in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).																																														
The routes E 311 (Emirates Road) and E 44 (Ras Al Khor Road) form the eastern and southern peripheries of Nad Al Hammar.																																														
A deep sand bed, similar to the Berlin Method, is designed to cultivate anaerobic bacteria in the bottom layers of sand, converting nitrate to nitrogen gas to remove toxic nitrates.																																														
After the plug is removed, the sand pours from the box, causing the centering to move downwards, diminishing the pressure from the arch, and enabling to ultimately remove it.																																														
Spilite is formed when basaltic lava reacts with seawater, or from hydrothermal alteration when seawater circulates through hot volcanic rocks.																																														
The international notation has a different numbering system from the previous two, and the right permanent mandibular second molar is known as "47", and the left one is known as "37".																																														
Buccal-The side of a tooth that is adjacent to (or the direction towards) the inside of the cheek, as opposed to lingual or palatal, which refer to the side of a tooth adjacent to (or the direction towards) the tongue or palate, respectively.																																														
The suffix "-cones /-conids" (upper molar/lower molar) is added to the main cusps: Paraconus, Metaconus, Protoconus and Hypoconus on the upper molar, and Paraconid, Metaconid, Protoconid, Hypoconid and Entoconid on the lower molar.																																														
All three are probably about equally old, from the Maastrichtian (latest Cretaceous, about 71–66 million years ago, mya) and perhaps partly the Campanian (84–71 mya).																																														
The international notation has a different numbering system than the previous two, and the right permanent maxillary second molar is known as "17", and the left one is known as "27".																																														
Suffixes are added to these names: -id is added to cusps on a lower molar (e.g., protoconid); -ule to a minor cusp (e.g., protoconulid).																																														
Hypsodont is a pattern of dentition  with high-crowned teeth and enamel extending past the gum line, providing extra material for wear and tear.																																														
The function of this molar is similar to that of all molars in regard to grinding being the principal action during mastication, commonly known as chewing.																																														
Members of Albionbaataridae were "Shrew-sized taxa that differ from all other multituberculates in having relatively flat, multi-cusped anterior upper premolars, with 10-14 cusps arranged in three rows, rather than 3-4, rarely up to nine high cusps in two rows, and in having lingual slope of all premolars covered by prominent, subparallel ridges.																																														
Historically, the triconodontids were thought to have a different occlusion pattern than other eutriconodonts, with the middle cusp of the lower molar (cusp a) fitting between the middle cusp (cusp A) and the front cusp (cusp B) of the upper molar, as in the basal mammaliaform Morganucodon.																																														
A urostomy is made to avail for urinary diversion in cases where drainage of urine through the bladder and urethra is not possible, e.g. after extensive surgery or in case of obstruction.																																														
The embryonic allantois becomes the fetal urachus, which connects the fetal bladder (developed from cloaca) to the yolk sac.																																														
The drain consists of a straight metal trocar, which serves as a core and guide for a plastic tube with a curved end that is kept straight while the trocar is inside.																																														
Transurethral biopsy entry in the public domain NCI Dictionary of Cancer Terms This article incorporates public domain material from the U.S. National Cancer Institute document: "Dictionary of Cancer Terms".																																														
The prostatic ducts (or prostatic ductules) open into the floor of the prostatic portion of the urethra, and are lined by two layers of epithelium, the inner layer consisting of columnar and the outer of small cubical cells.																																														
It is continued over the intestinal surface and body of the uterus onto its vesical surface, which it covers as far as the junction of the body and cervix uteri, and then to the bladder.																																														
Urethral sounding is the medical use of probes called sounds to increase the inner diameter of the urethra and to locate obstructions in it.																																														
Urethroceles are often caused by childbirth, the movement of the baby through the vagina causing damage to the surrounding tissues.																																														
Brain centers that regulate urination include the pontine micturition center, periaqueductal gray, and the cerebral cortex.																																														
In some organisms, including birds and many fish, discharge from the urological, digestive, and reproductive systems empty into a common sac called the cloaca.																																														
In females, it is known as the crista urethralis femininae, and is a conspicuous longitudinal fold of mucosa on the posterior wall of the urethra.																																														
José Manuel Babak (Fram, Paraguay, 19 March 1986 or 22 April 1988) is a Paraguayan football midfield who formerly played for 2 de Mayo, and in 2012 for Boca Unidos in Argentina.																																														
Peñacerrada in Spanish or Urizaharra in Basque is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.																																														
The House of Aritza (Aiza) was the ruling house of the Basque Kingdom of Navarra from 824 AD to 905 AD.																																														
Antoñana Bujanda Orbiso Oteo Santa Cruz de Campezo / Santikurutze Kanpezu, capital of the Cuadrilla de Campezo-Montaña Alavesa comarca and main town of the municipality   =																																														
Alegia (Spanish: Alegría de Oria) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the North of Spain.																																														
Guaraní 2007 2 de Mayo 2008 Guaraní 2009–2010 Boca Unidos 2010–2012 Patronato 2012–2013 Sportivo Luqueño 2014 Chaco For Ever 2014-   =																																														
Trucios-Turtzioz (Turtzioz in Basque; Trucios in Spanish; Trucíos in Cantabrian) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain, surrounded by other municipalities of Biscay and Cantabria.																																														
Some environmental groups claim that the projects do not produce "renewable power" because trash (their source) is not renewable.																																														
In a 2012 survey performed in New York State, all surveyed double-lined landfill cells had leakage rates of less than 500 liters per hectare per day.																																														
The Edmonton Composting Facility was the site of the Canadian City of Edmonton's co-composting system for processing organic waste.																																														
Other Greater Toronto Area landfills include:  Beare Road Landfill in Toronto, Ontario Keele Valley Landfill in Vaughan, Ontario Brock Road Landfills in Pickering, Ontario   =																																														
Genus Sigmodon Subgenus Sigmodon Sigmodon hispidus species group Sigmodon alleni - Allen's cotton rat Sigmodon arizonae - Arizona cotton rat Sigmodon hirsutus - Southern cotton rat Sigmodon hispidus - Hispid cotton rat Sigmodon mascotensis - Jaliscan cotton rat Sigmodon ochrognathus - Yellow-nosed cotton rat Sigmodon planifrons - Miahuatlán cotton rat Sigmodon toltecus - Toltec cotton rat Sigmodon zanjonensis - montane cotton rat Sigmodon fulviventer species group Sigmodon fulviventer - tawny-bellied cotton rat Sigmodon inopinatus - unexpected cotton rat Sigmodon leucotis - white-eared cotton rat Sigmodon peruanus - Peruvian cotton rat Subgenus Sigmomys Sigmodon alstoni - Alston's cotton rat   =																																														
Elias's Atlantic spiny-rat or the Rio de Janeiro spiny rat (Trinomys eliasi), is a spiny rat species from South America.																																														
Demand for biodegradability prediction is expected to increase with governments stepping up environmental regulations (see, for instance, testing for bioaccumulation in the REACH proposal).																																														
San Francisco (IPA: [sɐn fɾɐn'sisko]), officially the Municipality of San Francisco (Cebuano: Lungsod sa San Francisco; Tagalog: Bayan ng San Francisco), is a 5th class municipality in the province of Southern Leyte, Philippines.																																														
These large rats, which are all seriously threatened (one already extinct), are native to the Solomon Islands.																																														
C-myc mRNA is a type of mRNA that serves as a template for the MYC protein which is implicated in the rapid growth of cancer cells.																																														
Partly through the influence of colonialism, there is a national culture, and two distinct regional cultures: the Anglophone and Francophone regions, which primarily speak English and French and use different legal systems.																																														
Until the end of World War I, the village was part of Hungary and fell within the Tószigetcsilizköz district of Győr County.																																														
It was succeeded by The GAO Journal The purpose of the Review was to cover government and defense auditing topics, document the activities of the GAO, and provide a forum for GAO employees.																																														
Throughout the 1950s and 1960s, successive administrations wanted this major infrastructure project to be completed as quickly as possible, as it would be a great boost for the national economy.																																														
The Autostrada A1, nicknamed Autostrada del Sole ("Sun Motorway"), is the oldest European Highway and the most important in Italy.																																														
In Canada, every federally regulated financial institution is required by law to have a Complaint Handling Process (CHP), a document outlining the process that the financial institution makes available to consumers who wish to lodge a complaint.																																														
Originating Depository Financial Institution or ODFI is a banking term in the United States used in connection with ACH Network (ACH).																																														
The Cascades de Berbaga are located in a mountainous area difficult to reach by car in the commune of Oued Taga in the wilaya of Batna a few kilometers from Timgad]].																																														
Citadele banka Eesti filiaal Nordea Bank Abp Eesti filiaal Nordiska Financial Partner Norway AS Eesti filiaal OP Corporate Bank plc Eesti filiaal PayEx Sverige AB Eesti filiaal TF Bank AB (publ.																																														
Brick and clay ovens are a key feature of cuisines of the Mediterranean and Middle East, with wood being the main fuel for many parts of Europe for many centuries.																																														
The palayok should not be cleaned using household detergents, as the porous material would easily  imbibe chemicals in the detergent that would later impart unwanted flavors in the food during cooking.																																														
Bandanya is related to cilantro, and known as culantro (Spanish/English), chadon beni (Trinidadian), pak chi farang (Thai), ngo gai (Vietnamese), recao (Spanish), and fitweed (Guyanese).																																														
Rugby union at the 2007 Southeast Asian Games was held in the Suranaree Camp Stadium, Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand.																																														
The dish is still popular in Guernsey, with local cafes and restaurants often featuring the dish in colder months.																																														
The relatively narrow mouth of the beanpot minimizes evaporation and heat loss, while its deep, wide, thick-walled body facilitates long, slow cooking times.																																														
Juices from the cooking food would not begin to burn until all the water has evaporated, after which the food is thoroughly cooked.																																														
Chicken and rice is a common food combination in several cultures which have both chicken and rice as staple foods.																																														
The Karelian hot pot (British) or Karelian stew (US) (Finnish: karjalanpaisti; Russian: рагу по-карельски ragu po-karelski; Swedish: karelsk stek) is a traditional meat stew originating from the region of Karelia.																																														
Potbrood was traditionally baked in a cast-iron pot (also known as a Dutch oven) in a pit made in the ground and lined with hot coals.																																														
For example, relational databases commonly use B-tree indexes for data retrieval, while compiler implementations usually use hash tables to look up identifiers.																																														
It is typically used in computer science to implement static lookup tables to hold multiple values which have the same data type.																																														
For example, a conflict arises if one process is trying to insert a new node, but at the same time another process is about to delete the predecessor of that node.																																														
Then, it is successively compared with the previous node elements and tested to satisfy the criteria essential for an interval heap as stated above.																																														
Since 2001, the American Library Association has posed the top ten most frequently challenged books per year on their website.																																														
The same downward swapping procedure may be used to increase the priority of an item in a min-heap, or to decrease the priority of an item in a max-heap.																																														
If array types are implemented as array structures, many useful slicing operations (such as selecting a sub-array, swapping indices, or reversing the direction of the indices) can be performed very efficiently by manipulating the dope vector of the structure.																																														
If the tree consists only of a 3-node, the node is split into three 2-nodes with the appropriate keys and children.																																														
ASOS squadrons are made up of Tactical Air Control Party airmen, Air Liaison Officers and other support airmen.																																														
Within the wilderness, the Art Loeb Trail can be followed to the base of Cold Mountain, where a spur trail leads to the summit.																																														
An LNR can also be an SSSI (Site of Special Scientific Interest), but often is not, or may have other designations (although an LNR cannot also be a national nature reserve).																																														
Currently the are is  protected wildlif sanctuary, the Mahale Mountains National Park, famous for harboring chimpanzees and lions.																																														
Amenity areas are areas managed for protection of indigenous natural and historic resources, and for public recreation.																																														
The reserve is named after the Katonga River, which primarily flows from the swamps southwest of Lake Wamala towards Lake Victoria in the east, with lesser periodic flows from those same swamps to Lake George in the west.																																														
The act further provides for the management of these lands by the Fish and Wildlife Service or State wildlife agencies.																																														
This article incorporates public domain material from websites or documents of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.																																														
The 1,733-hectare (4,280-acre) national park is situated approximately 313 kilometres (194 mi) west of Melbourne and 18 kilometres (11 mi) west of Portland.																																														
The peninsula is created by a meander in the Youghiogheny River which flows north into Pennsylvania from West Virginia and Maryland carrying seeds from that region.																																														
To reduce the potential impact of fire on the park, controlled burns are conducted throughout specific months of the year and are carefully managed by Parks Victoria and the Department of Environment, Land, Water and Planning (DELWP).																																														
Its sheefish make the longest spawning journey of any of their species, while Kanuti's salmon have to swim more than 1,000 miles (1,600 km) up the Yukon River before entering the Koyukuk River system to spawn.																																														
& Kunth) Stapf - tropical - southern Africa, Asia (China, Indian Subcontinent, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia, Indonesia), New Guinea, Latin America (from central Mexico to Uruguay) Pseudechinolaena tenuis Bosser - MadagascarFormerly includedsee Echinochloa   Pseudechinolaena helodes  - Echinochloa helodes Pseudechinolaena inflexa - Echinochloa inflexa Pseudechinolaena spectabilis - Echinochloa polystachya   =																																														
As of August 2019 it contains six species, endemic to Madagascar, except for one, which is found only in India: Pandisus decorus Wanless, 1980 – Madagascar Pandisus indicus Prószyński, 1992 – India Pandisus modestus (Peckham, Peckham & Wheeler, 1889) – Madagascar Pandisus parvulus Wanless, 1980 – Madagascar Pandisus sarae Wanless, 1980 – Madagascar Pandisus scalaris Simon, 1900 (type) – Madagascar   =																																														
It is used to coat sour candies such as lemon drops and Sour Patch Kids, or to make hard candies taste tart, such as SweeTarts.																																														
Its leaves vary in shape and size but they often curve up and come together to form a bowl shape.																																														
The lemur was named after Fleurette Andriantsilavo, who was Secretary General of the Ministry of Environment, Water and Forests in Madagascar.																																														
Tamarind sweet chutney is popular in India and Pakistan as a dressing for many snacks and often served with samosa.																																														
Porthesaroa aclyta Collenette, 1953 Madagascar Porthesaroa aureopsis Hering, 1926 Madagascar Porthesaroa brunea Griveaud, 1973 Madagascar Porthesaroa lacipa Hering, 1926 Cameroon Porthesaroa lithoides (Collenette, 1936) Madagascar Porthesaroa maculata Collenette, 1938 Congo Porthesaroa nicotrai Hartig, 1940 Somalia Porthesaroa noctua Hering, 1926 western Africa Porthesaroa parvula (Kenrick, 1914) Madagascar Porthesaroa procincta Saalmüller, 1880 Porthesaroa sogai Griveaud, 1973 Madagascar Porthesaroa xanthoselas Collenette, 1959   =																																														
Some species are:  Pirgula atrinotata (Butler, 1897) Tanzania Pirgula delicata Griveaud, 1973 Madagascar Pirgula delosema Collenette, 1953 Rhodesia Pirgula gracillima (Holland, 1893) Pirgula jordani (Hering, 1926) Madagascar Pirgula melanoma Collenette, 1936 Madagascar Pirgula monopunctata Griveaud, 1973 Madagascar Pirgula octoguttata (Tessmann, 1921) Cameroons Pirgula polylopha Collenette, 1959 Madagascar Pirgula polyopha Collenette, 1959 Pirgula quinquepunctata (Wichgraf, 1921) Tanzania Pirgula sexpunctata Griveaud, 1973 Madagascar Pirgula stictogonia Collenette, 1936 Angola   =																																														
Since the name Banksia ferruginea had already been used, Mast and Thiele had to choose a new specific epithet for D. ferruginea and hence for this subspecies of it.																																														
If two males were present, they occasionally stopped the chase to fight with one another and the losing male retreated.																																														
It is found around the North, South and Stewart islands and occurs mainly in shallow waters (5–25 metres) in sand and mud off sandy ocean beaches.																																														
In Africa it occurs in Morocco, Mauritania, Senegal, Guinea, Ghana, Algeria, Tunisia, Niger, Libya, Chad, Mali, Egypt, Sudan, Somalia and Ethiopia.																																														
It might be more widely distributed in northern California and Oregon in the southern Cascades or Klamath Mountains) Lasionycta uniformis handfieldi (on Mount Albert in the Gaspé Peninsula of Quebec)   =																																														
As of 2001, the Indian census showed that Hanwal had a population of 5864 with 2903 males and 2961 females.																																														
The Hudson Bay wolf (Canis lupus hudsonicus) is a subspecies of gray wolf native to northern Keewatin, including the northwestern coast of Hudson Bay in Canada.																																														
The  coppery-naped puffleg (Eriocnemis luciani sapphiropygia) is a subspecies of hummingbird found in the Andes in Peru in wet montane forest edges between 2000 and 4000 m altitude.																																														
& R. Felder, 1862) C. l. aerias (Godman & Salvin, 1883) in Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama C. l. mena (Staudinger, 1886) in Peru C. l. odilia (Oberthür, 1916) in Colombia C. l. exultans (Fruhstorfer, 1916) in Bolivia C. l. bella (Röber, 1924) in Colombia C. l. sticheli (Dillon, 1948) in Colombia   =																																														
The species prefers streams with sandy and rocky bottoms and clear water in forests above 600 m (2,000 ft) elevation.																																														
Bellia picta is a species of crab that lives around the coasts of South America, and the only species in the genus Bellia.																																														
Peraglyphis aderces Common, 1963 Peraglyphis anaptis (Meyrick, 1910) Peraglyphis aphanta Common, 1963 Peraglyphis atherista Common, 1963 Peraglyphis atimana (Meyrick, 1881) Peraglyphis chalepa Common, 1963 Peraglyphis confusana (Walker, 1863) Peraglyphis crustata (Meyrick, 1912) Peraglyphis dyscheres Common, 1963 Peraglyphis epixantha Common, 1963 Peraglyphis eucrines Common, 1963 Peraglyphis hemerana (Meyrick, 1882) Peraglyphis idiogenes Common, 1963 Peraglyphis lividana (Meyrick, 1881) Peraglyphis scepasta Common, 1963 Peraglyphis silvana Razowski, 2012   =																																														
Band, Verlag des Deutschen und Oesterreichischen Alpenvereins, Berlin, 1894 Casa Editrice Tabacco, Udine: Carta topografica 1:25.																																														
Ismail Khel (Urdu: إسماعيل خیل) also rendered as Ismael Khel, Ismaeel Khel and Ishmael Khel is a Pashtun tribe in Pakistan and Afghanistan.																																														
The Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of Jesús María (del Nayar) (Latin: Praelatura Territorialis Nayariana de Iesu et Maria) (erected 13 January 1962) is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Guadalajara in Mexico.																																														
Allopodagrion brachyurum Allopodagrion contortum Allopodagrion erinys Megapodagrion megalopus Teinopodagrion angulatum Teinopodagrion caquetanum Teinopodagrion chinichaysuyum Teionpodagrion croizati Teinopodagrion curtum Teinopodagrion decipiens Teinopodagrion depressum Teinopodagrion epidrium Teionpodagrion eretes Teinopodagrion lepidum Teniopodagrion macropus Teinopodagrion mercenarium Teinopodagrion meridionale Teinopodagrion muzanum Teinopodagrion nebulosum Teinopodagrion oscillans Teinopodagrion schiessi Teinopodagrion setigerum Teinopodagrion temporale Teinopodagrion turikum Teinopodagrion vallenatum Teinopodagrion venale Teinopodagrion vilorianum Teinopodagrion waynu Teinopodagrion yunka   =																																														
Epicopeia hainesii hainesii Holland, 1889 Epicopeia hainesii matsumurai Okano, 1973 (Taiwan) Epicopeia hainesii tsushimana Inoue, 1978 (Japan)   =																																														
Emanuil G. Gavriliță (11 August 1847 in Nicorești – 10 June 1910 in Băxani) was a lawyer, journalist and activist from Bessarabia.																																														
Family Celleporidae Genus Buffonellaria Genus Buskea Genus Calvipelta Genus Cellepora Genus Celleporina Genus Chasmatooecium Genus Chasmazoon Genus Galeopsis Genus Lagenipora Genus Omalosecosa Genus Orthoporidroides Genus Osthimosia Genus Palmicellaria Genus Pourtalesella Genus Predanophora Genus Pseudocelleporina Genus Richbunea Genus Scorpiodinipora Genus Sinuporina Genus Spigaleos Genus Tegminula Genus Turbicellepora   =																																														
Luiz Marenco Canta Jayme Caetano Braun (1991) Filosofia de Andejo (1993) De a Cavalo (1994) Luiz Marenco Canta Noel Guarany (1996) Andarilho (1998) Quando o Verso Vem Pras Casa (1999) Luiz Marenco nos Festivais (1999) Estâncias da Fronteira (1999) Pra o Meu Consumo (2000) Enchendo os Olhos de Campo (2001) De Bota e Bombacha (2001) O Melhor de Luiz Marenco (2001) Luiz Marenco ao Vivo (2002) De Campeiro Pra Campeiro (2002)   =																																														
Peter Haber as Martin Beck Mikael Persbrandt as Gunvald Larsson Malin Birgerson as Alice Levander Marie Göranzon as Margareta Oberg Hanns Zischler as Josef Hillman Ingvar Hirdwall as Martin Beck's neighbour Rebecka Hemse as Inger (Martin Beck's daughter) Jimmy Endeley as Robban Mårten Klingberg as Nick Peter Hüttner as Oljelund Fikret Cesmeli as Hammad Amir Barghashi as Hassan Ahmed Michalis Koutsogiannakis as Tahmed Ahmed Stina Ekblad as Angelica Beckman Leif Andrée as Jörgen Beckman   =																																														
The term "commune" is ambiguous in English, but the word is commonly used in translation for "comuna", although with some controversy among translators.																																														
Generally considered unethical, this tactic is strictly prohibited by trade groups, such as CASRO and the Marketing Research Association, for their member research companies.																																														
Lodzer veker (לאדזשער וועקער; וועכענטלעכע ארבעטער צייטונג) was a newspaper of the General Jewish Labour Bund in Łódź, Poland.																																														
Irrationality is the foundation upon which the argued paradoxes of self-deception stem, and it is argued that not everyone has the "special talents" and capacities for self-deception.																																														
The Super-heavy tank Panzerkampfwagen IX and Panzerkampfwagen X were silhouette conceptual drawings in an edition of the German World War II Signal military magazine.																																														
Throughout the course of a propaganda campaign, however, white propaganda may serve as a cover for black propaganda when the propagandist seeks to mask the latter.																																														
The Waiter Rule refers to a common belief that one's true character can be gleaned from how one treats staff or service workers, such as a "waiter".																																														
It made in a religious sense or in ceremonies such as in marriages when there's an couple who are being promised to marriage called "marriage vows ", they are also promising one another to be faithful and take care of their children.																																														
Erich Lachmann (1909-1972), Nazi SS officer at Sobibor extermination camp Esther Lachmann, later Pauline Thérèse Lachmann, later Mme Villoing, later Mme la Marquise de Païva, later Countess Henckel von Donnersmarck, courtesan Georges Lachmann, World War I flying ace and General officer Gustav Lachmann, engineer Hans Lachmann-Mosse, publisher Karl Lachmann, classic philologist, Germanist Ludwig Lachmann, Austrian economist Peter Lachmann, British immunologist and nephew of Robert Lachmann Richard Lachmann, American political scientist and international relations theorist.																																														
However, an archenemy may also be distinguished from a nemesis, with the latter being an enemy whom the hero cannot defeat (or who defeats the hero), even while not being a longstanding or consistent enemy to the hero.																																														
False attribution can refer to:  Misattribution in general, when a quotation or work is accidentally, traditionally, or based on bad information attributed to the wrong person or group A specific fallacy where an advocate appeals to an irrelevant, unqualified, unidentified, biased, or fabricated source in support of an argument.																																														
If you cannot show up to a restaurant, theater, cinema etc to an outing its proper to give the reason over your phone or address sometime prior.																																														
For example: S. cerevisiae, Saccharomyces carlsbergensis, S. pombe, Aspergillus spps, Penicillium chrysogenum, Azotobacter spps, Lactobacillus spps, Pseudomonas spps etc.																																														
In 1981, Graybeat Records repressed the record, however, both side A and B of the record now included the same 17 tracks.																																														
Some of the criteria for the production of this honey include that it:  must be of high quality may not contain any imported honey may not contain any additives must have a water content of less than 20%   =																																														
This enzyme belongs to the family of transferases, specifically those transferring phosphorus-containing groups (phosphotransferases) with an alcohol group as acceptor.																																														
Similar assays allows the monitoring of glucose levels in fermentation, bioreactors, and to control glucose in vegetal raw material and food products.																																														
The rest of the year is spent in just maintenance – a situation where the incoming nectar and pollen nearly match the needed food for the hive, or where sufficient reserve stores must be present for the hive to survive a winter season.																																														
It can be found in some heavily forested areas of Germany, Norway, Italy, New Zealand, and the United States but is primarily produced in the pine forests of the eastern Mediterranean.																																														
Other names in common use include UDP-glucose:lipopolysaccharide glucosyltransferase I, lipopolysaccharide glucosyltransferase, uridine diphosphate glucose:lipopolysaccharide glucosyltransferase, I, and uridine diphosphoglucose-lipopolysaccharide glucosyltransferase.																																														
Patrick Seltsam (born November 14, 1965, Pembroke, Massachusetts) is a retired speedskater who skated with the United States national speedskating team in the late 1980s through the mid-1990s and was a World Cup silver medalist in 1989 and the United States long track speedskating champion in 1991.																																														
Joseph Gerard Marcel Pelletier (December 6, 1927 – May 13, 2017) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played eight games in the National Hockey League: six with the Chicago Black Hawks and two with the New York Rangers.																																														
During the time of Communist Yugoslavia the Federation considered itself the National representative of Croatian soccer, recognizing the Croatian Football Federation (HNS) as its superior after 1991.																																														
The team rapidly proved itself as one nation’s top amateur clubs as it took the 1979 National Amateur Cup.																																														
It was established in 2003 by Peter Boilley, Jean-Pierre Chrétien, François-Xavier Fauvelle-Aymar, and Bertrand Hirsch and is published biannually by Editions Verdier.																																														
1690) Sir Robert Hamilton, 2nd Baronet (1650–1701) Sir Robert Hamilton, 3rd Baronet (died c. 1720) Sir William Hamilton, 4th Baronet (6 March 1681 – 25 May 1749) Sir Robert Hamilton, 5th Baronet (1714–1756) Sir William Hamilton, 6th Baronet (1748–1756) Sir John Hamilton, 7th Baronet (c.																																														
Six years later, the school's first alumni decided to create a social and sport club: The Old Boys Club.																																														
Its activity was interrupted for long periods of time due to the conditions that prevailed in Palestine during the British Mandate and because of the Nakba.																																														
Notable people with the surname include:  Ferdinand Georg Frobenius (1849–1917), mathematician Frobenius algebra Frobenius endomorphism Frobenius inner product Frobenius norm Frobenius method Frobenius group Frobenius theorem (differential topology) Georg Ludwig Frobenius (1566–1645), German publisher Johannes Frobenius (1460–1527), publisher and printer in Basel Hieronymus Frobenius (1501–1563), publisher and printer in Basel, son of Johannes Ambrosius Frobenius (1537–1602), publisher and printer in Basel, son of Hieronymus Leo Frobenius (1873–1938), ethnographer Nikolaj Frobenius (born 1965), Norwegian writer and screenwriter August Sigmund Frobenius (died 1741), German chemist   =																																														
The journal has absorbed two other publications in its history, the Journal of Analytical and Applied Chemistry (July 1893) and the American Chemical Journal (January 1914).																																														
Annals known to have existed but which have been lost include:  Annals of the Island of Saints Annals of Maolconary Book of Cuanu Book of Dub-da-leithe Book of the Monks Leabhar Airis Cloinne Fir Bhisigh Leabhar Airisen Leabhar Airisen Ghiolla Iosa Mhec Fhirbhisigh Synchronisms of Flann Mainstreach The Chronicle of Ireland   =																																														
Ants of Borneo: A briefing on the life history of the giant forest ant Camponotus gigas Pfeiffer, Martin Abstracts of papers on C. gigas   =																																														
The distance these bees travel is unknown, but some have been observed to travel about 500 meters away from the original nest.																																														
Since ants are haplodiploid, they can control what sex their offspring will be; an unfertilised egg will become a male, while a fertilised egg will be female.																																														
Adults are on wing from September to January or February, with a peak depending on rainfall but usually from October to November.																																														
The three types of honey bees in a hive are: queens (egg-producers), workers (non-reproducing females), and drones (males whose main duty is to find and mate with a queen).																																														
Saturating the drone congregation area improves the odds that the queen will mate with drones of a particular lineage, but does not guarantee it.																																														
B. pratorum do not appear to require multiple matings to produce enough sperm to fertilize eggs because as it is, only a couple hundred of the workers contribute sperm anyway.																																														
However, a more recent study has noted a decrease in the metapleural glands of the A. insinuator workers in comparison to their host.																																														
During this flight, the winged queen and winged male mate, and the male dies shortly afterwards.																																														
During development, each Chlamydomonas-like cell undergoes several rounds of division to form plakeas, which then invert to form daughter colonies before hatching out of the mother colony.																																														
It is extremely hard to find these ants, due to their inaccessible and remote nesting areas and their extremely small size.																																														
They held the world to be eternal, and affirmed that God did not create the soul, when he infused it into the body.																																														
Mukti-yogyas are Jivas or souls who are receptive to spiritual values, and through repeated embodiments, they evolve into better and better people, and finally through concentrated spiritual discipline and God's grace attain salvation.																																														
His name is derived from an altarpiece dated to about 1390, which once stood in the church of St. Mary in Schotten.																																														
In modern contexts it is rarely found, though it is sometimes used to represent a disbelief in any gods, contrasted with a specific disbelief in the Judaeo-Christian deity (God).																																														
Anselm correctly pointed out that nowhere had he had put forward the kind of argument which Gaunilo alleged, "because the phrase 'greater than everything' does not have the same force for the purpose of proving that what is spoken of is in reality as [his own phrase] "than which a greater cannot be conceived" <Anselm's Reply V>.																																														
Abū Manṣūr al-Māturīdī, the 10th-century Persian Muslim scholar, Ḥanafī jurist, and Sunnī theologian who founded the eponymous school of Islamic theology, considered the jinn to be weaker than humans, and asserted that whenever humans act upon the jinn, they humiliate themselves.																																														
Atheism can be described as all of the following:  a philosophy – a belief – a non-belief – a stance – taking a position in an argument, a stand on a given issue   =																																														
Agnostic atheists are atheistic because they do not hold a belief in the existence of any deity, and are agnostic because they claim that the existence of a demiurgic entity or entities is either unknowable in principle or currently unknown in fact.																																														
The exclusion of all but one god and the prohibition of idols was a radical departure from Egyptian tradition, but scholars see Akhenaten as a practitioner of monolatry rather than monotheism, as he did not actively deny the existence of other gods; he simply refrained from worshiping any but Aten.																																														
If a man has failed to find any good reason for believing that there is a God, it is perfectly natural and rational that he should not believe that there is a God; and if so, he is an atheist.																																														
It is believed that in Adi Shankara's time these deities had their own Hindu followers who quarrelled with each other claiming the superiority of their chosen deity.																																														
It is a plane that man can rise to, above his current limited mentality, and have perfect understanding through revelations and power that is leaning down on the earth's consciousness.																																														
Chittick, William (1998), The Self-Disclosure of God: Principles of Ibn al-'Arabi's Cosmology, SUNY series in Islam, SUNY Press, ISBN 0791434044 Nasr, Seyyed H. (1993), An Introduction to Islamic Cosmological Doctrines (2nd ed.																																														
Tatastha is called marginal because although it is an expression of God's energy and hence spiritual or divine, it can actually be overcome by illusion and delusion.																																														
Involution, or deep introspection in yoga, leads to the opposite results and attenuates afflicting impressions to the finest degree possible with the end result of aklishta-vritti (non-painful thought waves).																																														
An early exponent of the superconscious was William Walker Atkinson, an American occultist and prolific author of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.																																														
Baqaa comprises  three degrees, each one referring to a particular aspect of the divine theophanies as principle of existence and its qualitative evolution, consisting of faith, knowledge, and grace.																																														
This is also referred to as the "Higher Mental", "Abstract Mind" (as opposed to Lower Mental or "Concrete Mind"), or "Causal Body".																																														
In some instances it refers to a process that occurs prior to evolution and gives rise to the cosmos, in others an aspect of evolution, and still others a process that follows the completion of evolution in the human form.																																														
Sri Aurobindo The Riddle of This World online ----- Letters on Yoga, Sri Aurobindo Ashram Press, Pondicherry (pp 1039–1046 of the third edition 1971).																																														
To bring the super-consciousness into manifestation on the physical plane, Besant proposes (in the early stages) to render the brain and sense-organs unresponsive to physical impacts and to induce Trance.																																														
One can open to it, in order to transform the various aspects of one's being, as well as set right the conditions of life, creating sudden good fortune ("instantaneous miraculousness") for the person opening to it.																																														
The World Arabian Horse Organization (WAHO) is the world organization for the preservation, improvement and preservation of Arabian horses.																																														
The pony should have a small pony head, carried high, with alert and pricked ears and large, intelligent eyes.																																														
A full list of parishes found within this county; their current LGA and mapping coordinates to the approximate centre of each location is as follows:   =																																														
At extension, horses with the dominant, ancestral E allele are able to produce either red or black pigment, and depending on agouti genotype horses with E can be bay or black.																																														
In some cultures and for some competition-sanctioning organizations, a horse that normally matures less than about 145 cm (14.																																														
Prior to this, since 1978, Canadian rustic ponies had been registered through a registry based in the United States, and as of September 1989, 72 ponies had been US-registered.																																														
The horses' progeny were also white and the Thompsons called their horses 'American Albinos' although they were not true albinos.																																														
It included the coastal area near Wollongong south to the Shoalhaven River, and also inland encompassing Berrima and Picton.																																														
: 180 In the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries there were further imports, of sport horses of Arab, Thoroughbred, Hanoverian and particularly of Trakehner stock.																																														
Also in 2005, the Irish Department of Agriculture and Food and the European Commission recognised the Kerry Bog Pony as an official breed; the following year, the Irish Horse Board issued the first equine passports for members of the breed.																																														
Yantabulla has been noted as being the future location of the rare double-sighting of solar eclipses within short intervals of one another.																																														
The median income for a household in the CDP was $46,164, and the median income for a family was $50,951.																																														
The stadium was named after Coach John Clark, the main coach of Plano High School from Jacksonville.																																														
Since divorce is easier in Nevada than in most other states, many people come from across the country for the easier process.																																														
But later settlers no longer interacted with the departed tribe, so falsely assumed the burns had been solely aimed at destroying their ancestors' crops, adding to mistrust of remaining Native-American families in nearby counties.																																														
Chris Bisaillon, College Football Hall of Fame inductee Brooke Langton, model and actress Scott Meents, professional basketball player for Chicago Bulls, Seattle SuperSonics, Utah Jazz Steve Reick, member of the Illinois House of Representatives   =																																														
The median income for a household in the town was $11,797, and the median income for a family was $11,797.																																														
The Morrison-Jackson mill was started and remained active for a long time – until the mid-1980s, when the mill closed down.																																														
He joined Lincoln City in September 1958, in part exchange for George Hannah, and in his second season was the club's leading scorer with 18 goals.																																														
On July 26, 1863,  Confederate States Army General John Hunt Morgan and several hundred of his soldiers surrendered to pursuing Union forces after Morgan's Raid ended in nearby West Point, and were held in Wellsville before being shipped to the Ohio Penitentiary in Columbus.																																														
The town lends its name to the Homewood Formation, the sandstone rock layer which is exposed at Buttermilk Falls.																																														
City and Moore County officials, including Cactus City Manager Jeff Jenkins, estimated about one-third of Cactus either was damaged or destroyed.																																														
All the patient information and reports are now online, improving professional access and greatly reducing the paper-based record keeping.																																														
Its first dedicated building opened in 1906 on the northwest corner of Hardisty Avenue and 11th Street (modern 98th Avenue and 111 Street in Oliver).																																														
In Star Trek: Voyager, the Doctor often compliments himself on the charming bedside manner he developed with the help of Kes.																																														
The main mission of the BDF Hospital is to provide health care services for the Military and Interior forces (i.e. both primary and secondary health care), emergency services for the public, specialised medical for referral patients and government VIPs.																																														
Forth Valley Royal Hospital in Larbert  is supported by a network of four community facilities, 57 health centres, day centres providing care and support for patients with mental illness and learning disabilities and a wide range of community based services.																																														
It took on Arthur Gillette's name as the hospital's first chief surgeon, an appointment given by the regents of the University of Minnesota.																																														
Hospitals in Riga:  Bērnu Klīniskā Universitātes Slimnīca (Children's Clinical University Hospital) Pauls Stradiņš Clinical University Hospital Riga East Clinical University Hospital Hospital of Traumatology and Orthopedics "Šmerlis" Independent Hospital Riga City Maternity Hospital Bikur Holim Hospital (Riga), old and respected Jewish hospital, recently re-opened in the former ghetto outside Old Riga.																																														
End-of-life care involves all essential components of patient-centric cancer care, relating to individuals facing end-of-life planning and decision making.																																														
There is also a lack of information or communication between the caregiver and medical staff regarding how they should provide care.																																														
Members of the suborder are characterised by their specialised mouthparts which include a mandible with a tooth-like process which is adapted for cutting or slicing.																																														
Some millipedes produce quinones in their defensive secretions, which have been reported to cause brown staining of the skin.																																														
The difference between males and females is due to one pair of legs on the seventh segment in males being modified to form gonopods used for sperm transfer.																																														
They can move rapidly through the pores between soil particles, and are typically found from the surface down to a depth of about 50 centimetres (20 in).																																														
Families include: Dipylidiidae, the most important member of which is Dipylidium caninum, also called the "cucumber tapeworm" or the "double-pore tapeworm" Hymenolepididae,  including the genus Hymenolepis, a human parasite Taeniidae, which consists of livestock parasites in the genus Taenia and parasites that encyst in humans of the genus Echinococcus Anoplocephalidae, which includes several tapeworms of horses and a genus of tapeworms of ruminants, the Moniezia Davaineidae, which comprises 14 genera, most of which are parasites of birds   =																																														
They have survived apparently unchanged for 350 million years, and are only found in South Africa, India, Australia and New Zealand.																																														
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the class is unknown (incertae sedis), and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any order or family.																																														
A well-known system that uses this name is the Cronquist system, and in the original 1981 version of the system the circumscription was:  subclass Dilleniidae order Dilleniales order Theales order Malvales order Lecythidales order Nepenthales order Violales order Salicales order Capparales order Batales order Ericales order Diapensiales order Ebenales order PrimulalesRecent molecular systematic studies have shown that this group is polyphyletic.																																														
The millipedes have a symbiotic relationship with these mites, in which the mites help clean the millipede's exoskeleton in exchange for food and the protection of their host.																																														
Fossils, mainly of cuticle fragments, have been found in Europe (Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany and Shropshire, England) and North America (New York, USA and New Brunswick, Canada).																																														
Data based on the five metropolitan markets only according to OzTam weekly data released every Tuesday at their website.																																														
Two weeks later FCB had their first official appearance, in a game against a team formed by students from the high school gymnastic club.																																														
He was the incumbent at Huntly from 1724 until 1727; Presbyter at Fochabers from 1727 until 1732, and the incumbent at Botriphinie during the same period; the incumbent at Stonehaven from 1837 until 1842; the incumbent at Laurencekirk from 1742 to 1744; and Dean of Brechin from 1744 until 1745.																																														
Additionally, eight Article I federal judicial appointments are listed, six to the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims and two to the United States Court of Federal Claims.																																														
In addition to these appointments, Reagan signed the Federal Courts Improvement Act in 1982, which transferred five judges from the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals, and seven judges from the appellate division of the United States Court of Claims, into the newly created United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.																																														
Sweden: Erik Hillerström - Theodor Malm, Gösta Wihlborg - Bruno Lindström, Emanuel Samuelsson, Axel Corall - Rune Bergström, Rudolf Kock, David Jonason, Albin Dahl (87' Ivar Carleson), Bror Arontzon.																																														
Another man, a native Indian, is also trapped there who catches wild crows and eats them, saying "Once I was Brahmin and proud man; and now I eat crows".																																														
The New York Times Book Review described it as "A snapshot of President Clinton's "New Democratic" philosophy as he segues from his first to (he hopes) his second term".																																														
Patties Pies are a brand of meat pie created by Peter and Annie Rijs, in a bakery named "Patties" in Lakes Entrance, Victoria The Patties Pie manufacturing plant in Bairnsdale, Victoria currently produces processed meat pie products such as Party 30 Pack, East Meets West Combo Pack and Patties Pie Bites   =																																														
According to oral tradition, at the height of its power (XIV-XV centuries), the kingdom included much of Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, northern Tanzania and eastern Democratic Republic of Congo.																																														
For small angle of attack starting flow, the vortex sheet follows a planar path, and the curve of the lift coefficient as function of time is given by the Wagner function.																																														
At 1,339 feet (408 m) the gap is approximately 1,000 feet (300 m) below the adjacent ridge line and 500 feet (150 m) above the surrounding countryside.																																														
A lift-producing airfoil either has camber or operates at a positive angle of attack, the angle between the chord line and the fluid flow far upstream of the airfoil.																																														
The overall effect is that many higher Neoptera can beat their wings much faster than insects with direct flight muscles.																																														
) The sharp trailing edge requirement corresponds physically to a flow in which the fluid moving along the lower and upper surfaces of the airfoil meet smoothly, with no fluid moving around the trailing edge of the airfoil.																																														
Bromperidol, sold under the brand names Bromidol and Impromen among others, is a typical antipsychotic of the butyrophenone group which is used in the treatment of schizophrenia.																																														
A stall is the decrease in lift to a value below the Weight, and the associated increase in drag upon the separation of the boundary layer (in this case behind the shock wave).																																														
The Oswald efficiency, similar to the span efficiency, is a correction factor that represents the change in drag with lift of a three-dimensional wing or airplane, as compared with an ideal wing having the same aspect ratio and an elliptical lift distribution.																																														
Fantasma (3:53) "Hello" (3:28) "Beautiful" (3:01) "Noche de Entierro" (4:07) "Mi Fanática" (4:00) "Alócate" (3:06) "Mayor Que Yo, Pt.																																														
The estates also held onto part of the funds thus raised to repair and develop the roads in its province.																																														
Formed in 2005,  the Newfoundland and Labrador Association of Realtors (NLAR) represents licensed real estate brokers and salespeople in Newfoundland and Labrador.																																														
Henry W. Medicus (January 29, 1865  – May 13, 1941) was a wealthy American furniture dealer in Brooklyn, New York in the early 1900s.																																														
Rafał was the owner of Tarnów and Wielowieś estates and served as Podkomorzy of Sandomierz since 1355 and castellan of Wisnice since 1368.																																														
The main legal instruments governing foundations in Sweden are the Foundation Act (1994:1220) and the Regulation for Foundations (1995:1280).																																														
In the UK, IP has become a recognised asset class for use in pension-led funding and other types of business finance.																																														
) on the property but not to the immediate use of the property–the holder of the life estate has control of the property.																																														
This list includes notable journals and magazines concerned with intellectual property (IP) law and business, and their various sub-fields, such as copyright, patent and trademark laws.																																														
Previously only housing associations could create cooperatives, but now this right is also granted to commercial developers, who often create smaller cooperatives.																																														
There are, however, other means for the Countries of the Union to implement in their national law the temporary protection provided for in Article 11 of the Paris Convention:  It is also possible, for example, in the case of exhibited patentable inventions, to make provision for temporary protection by other means, namely, by prescribing that, during a certain period, such exhibition will not destroy the novelty of the invention and that the person who exhibits the invention will also be protected against usurpation of his invention by third parties.																																														
In many cases, it is too costly for the negotiating parties to assess the validity and value of each of the portfolio's individual patents.																																														
Mark Frauenfelder, founder of Boingboing, wrote in his book, Rule the Web: how to do anything and everything on the Internet—better, Disk Inventory X was his favorite way of uncovering disk-hogging files.																																														
Hello might be derived from an older spelling variant, hullo, which the American Merriam-Webster dictionary describes as a "chiefly British variant of hello", and which was originally used as an exclamation to call attention, an expression of surprise, or a greeting.																																														
Zeno.org (German pronunciation: [ˈtseno dɔt ˈɔʀɡ]) is a digital library with German texts and other content such as pictures, facsimile, etc.																																														
List of online music databases Public domain resources Open music International Music Score Library Project, a similar music cataloging project, that collects both typeset and scanned scores.																																														
This online art museum website was originally established by the IT Inventor, digital artist, poet and composer Lin Hsin Hsin from Singapore in 1994 during the initial expansion of the World Wide Web.																																														
From 1983 to 1988, Morris directed the Information Technology Center at Carnegie Mellon University, a joint project with IBM, which developed a prototype university computing system, the Andrew Project.																																														
Movies can be saved, loaded, and exported as a series of image files to be later merged into a traditional movie format such as .																																														
Promotion and development of the main Squeak version of Etoys is co-ordinated by the Viewpoints Research Institute, a U.S. educational non-profit.																																														
The TUIX files from different Plugins are merged before rendering facilitating easy modification of existing interfaces and addition of new functionality.																																														
CURSOR: Programs for PET Computers was an early computer-based "magazine" that was distributed on cassette from 1978 and into the early 1980s.																																														
In its basic form, a CLIST program (or "CLIST" for short) can take the form of a simple list of commands to be executed in strict sequence (like a DOS batch file (*.																																														
Top 50 (group 1): "There You'll Be" (Faith Hill) Top 13: "Forever and for Always" (Shania Twain) Top 11: "What's Love Got to Do with It" (Tina Turner) Top 10: "Self Control" (Laura Branigan) Top 9: "Rocking around the Christmas Tree" (Brenda Lee) Top 8: "The Power of Goodbye" (Madonna) Top 7: "Hit the Road Jack" (Ray Charles) Top 6: "I Will Survive" (Gloria Gaynor) Top 5: "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You" (Bryan Adams) Top 4: "Can't Fight the Moonlight" (LeAnn Rimes) Top 4: "The Power of Love" (Jennifer Rush) Top 3: "Downtown" (Petula Clark) Top 3: "Stop!																																														
During the 18th century, some European brothels began specializing in restraint, and flagellation, as well as other activities which involved female domination and male submission.																																														
Glossary of BDSM BDSM artists BDSM authors BDSM equipment BDSM in culture and media BDSM literature BDSM organizations BDSM photographers List of bondage positions List of universities with BDSM clubs Category:BDSM   =																																														
In the Name of Love" (The Supremes) Top 2: "I Will Survive" (Gloria Gaynor) Top 2: "Natural Woman" (Aretha Franklin) Top 2: "This Is My Life" (winning song)- Runner-up DSDS 2 Celebration live: duet with (Aida Iljasevic) — "Tell Him" (Barbra Streisand)   =																																														
A Defence of Masochism Belle de jour (novel) Belle de jour (film) Billions (TV series) The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant Bonding (TV series) The Claiming of Sleeping Beauty De Usu Flagrorum Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders The Ethical Slut Fetishes (film) Fifty Shades of Grey The Image (film) The Image (novel) Imaginative Sex Mano Destra Maîtresse Moonlight Whispers The Piano Teacher (Jelinek novel) Preaching to the Perverted (film) Psychopathia Sexualis Romance (1999 film) Secretary (2002 film) Seduction: The Cruel Woman Shrimp (film) Skin Two Spanking Love Story of O Submission (TV series) The Ties That Bind (novel) Tokyo Decadence Venus in Furs A Woman in Flames   =																																														
Chastity belt (BDSM) Cock and ball torture Dominance and submission Female submission Male dominance (BDSM) Pegging (sexual practice)   =																																														
In both contexts, the terms top and bottom refer to dominant or submissive, or active and passive roles, not to who is physically on top in a particular sexual act.																																														
The following species are recognised in the genus Prodontria: Prodontria capito (Broun 1909) Prodontria grandis Given 1964 Prodontria jenniferae Emerson 1997 Prodontria lewisi Broun 1904 Prodontria longitarsis (Broun 1909) Prodontria matagouriae Emerson 1997 Prodontria minuta Emerson 1997 Prodontria modesta (Broun 1909) Prodontria montis Emerson 1997 Prodontria patricki Emerson 1997 Prodontria pinguis Given 1952 Prodontria praelatella (Broun 1909) Prodontria rakiurensis Emerson 1997 Prodontria regalis Emerson 1997 Prodontria setosa Given 1952 Prodontria truncata Given 1960   =																																														
San Francisco Chronicle, "Greenery Press specializes in off-color topics", October 19, 2001 Cuir Underground, Small Pervert Presses Fill the Gap, Issue 3.																																														
The main difference between a submissive and a bottom is that the submissive ostensibly does not give instructions, although they do set limits on what the dominant can do.																																														
Love Came Down (Christina Rossetti) – 3:29 "Christmas Wish" (Bob Farrell) – 3:56 "O Holy Night" (Adolphe Adam; Placide Cappeau) – 5:02 "What Child Is This" (William Chatterton Dix) – 4:22 "O Come All Ye Faithful" (Traditional) – 3:58 "White Christmas" (Irving Berlin) – 3:39 "The Christmas Song" (Robert Wells; Mel Tormé) – 3:14 (Japanese bonus track) "What Are You Doing New Year's Eve"?																																														
Homer Ledford, a luthier during the early part of the revival of the dulcimer, built several banjo dulcimers, which he called the dulcijo (a portmanteau of dulcimer and banjo).																																														
Randy Stonehill – lead vocals, backing vocals, acoustic guitar Mark Heard – keyboards, acoustic guitar, electric guitars, bass Tom Howard – synthesizers (1, 4), string arrangements (7) Ken Medema – acoustic piano (7) Bill Batstone – bass, fretless bass David Miner – acoustic bass David Raven – drums Brad Dutz – percussion Jerry Chamberlain – backing vocals Pam Dwinell – backing vocals Sharon McCall – backing vocals   =																																														
The album contains sixteen tracks: the first fifteen were selected by other artists, and the sixteenth is an exclusive new recording by Sonic Youth.																																														
Live in Los Angeles is a promotional live album by Paul McCartney recorded during a secret performance on 27 June 2007 at Amoeba Music in Hollywood, California.																																														
Keep Me Runnin'  – 5:49 "Turning Thirty"  – 4:39 "Ramada Inn"  – 4:00 "Shut De Do"  – 11:35 "Hymn"  – 4:33 "Good News"  – 8:00 "I'll Remember You"  – 3:43   =																																														
Mencken's childhood was apparently happy and secure, and he enjoyed both living through it and reminiscing about it in later years.																																														
The CollectorsHowie Vickers - lead vocals Bill Henderson - guitar, recorder, backing vocals Claire Lawrence - tenor saxophone, organ, flute, recorder, backing vocals Glenn Miller - bass, backing vocals Ross Turney - drums, percussionAdditional musiciansLarry Knechtel - piano and harpsichord on "Lydia Purple" Norm Jeffries - vibraphone on "Lydia Purple" Jesse Ehrlich - cello on "Lydia Purple"   =																																														
Chahar Right Middle Banner (Mongolian: ᠴᠠᠬᠠᠷ ᠪᠠᠷᠠᠭᠤᠨ ᠭᠠᠷᠤᠨ ᠳᠤᠮᠳᠠᠳᠤ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ; Цахар баруун гарын дундад хошуу; Čaqar Baraɣun Ɣarun Dumdadu qosiɣu; simplified Chinese: 察哈尔右翼中旗; traditional Chinese: 察哈爾右翼中旗; pinyin: Cháhā'ěr Yòuyì Zhōngqí) is a banner (county equivalent) of Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China, bordered by Chahar Right Back Banner to the east, Zhuozi County to the south, and Siziwang Banner to the northwest.																																														
This meant that the EMI-released Japanese edition was the only release to include the complete show in its entirety, making it the definitive version of the album.																																														
Nakht was an ancient Egyptian official who held the position of a scribe and astronomer of Amun, probably during the reign of Thutmose IV of the Eighteenth Dynasty.																																														
It includes an ancient carved grotto, the Grotta delle Fate ("Fairies' Grotto", 8th century BC), likely a tomb of one of the Osco-Sabellian tribes that lived here at the time.																																														
Subsequently, sonorous bells can be attached to the chain, so that the wearer can make pleasing sounds while walking.																																														
The Football competition in the 2009 Summer Universiade were held on different venues in Serbia between 30 June and 10 July 2009.																																														
He had already been created Baron Leathers, of Purfleet in the County of Essex, on 19 May 1941, also in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.																																														
It was created on 18 January 1954 for the businessman, Conservative politician and public servant Frederick Leathers, 1st Baron Leathers.																																														
The designs range from simple to intricate handmade designs, often studded with precious and semi-precious stones such as diamonds, gems and pearls.																																														
In Sikhism, the father of a Sikh bride will give the groom a gold ring, a kara (steel or iron bangle), and a mohra.																																														
Explanations of human behaviour typically appeal to the subject’s beliefs and desires, as well as other facts about him, and proceed on the assumption that the behaviour in question is rational (at least to a minimum degree).																																														
The first few sections are organized according to their matter content, that is, the types of fields appearing in the theory.																																														
Between 1977 and 2000, Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) produced a wide range of computer systems under the VAX brand, all based on various implementations of the DEC-proprietary instruction set architecture of the same name.																																														
Theories whose matter content consists of only scalar fields  Klein-Gordon: free scalar field theory φ4 theory Sine-Gordon Toda field theory   =																																														
List of people in Playboy 1960–1969 List of people in Playboy 1970–1979 List of people in Playboy 1980–1989 List of people in Playboy 1990–1999 List of people in Playboy 2000–2009 List of people in Playboy 2010–2020   =																																														
VAXstation I VAXstation II VAXstation II/GPX VAXstation 2000 VAXstation 3100 Model 30 VAXstation 3100 Model 38 VAXstation 3100 Model 40 VAXstation 3100 Model 48 VAXstation 3100 Model 76 VAXstation 3200 VAXstation 3500 VAXstation 3520 VAXstation 3540 VAXstation 4000 Model 30 (VAXstation 4000 VLC) VAXstation 4000 Model 60 VAXstation 4000 Model 90 VAXstation 4000 Model 90A VAXstation 4000 Model 96 VAXstation 8000 VT1300 VXT 2000   =																																														
Why Not Model Management is a modeling agency based in Milan, Italy, and founded by Tiziana Casali and Vittorio Zeviani in 1976.																																														
The entry in blue indicates that the issue marks the original appearance of that year's Playmate of the Year (PMOY).																																														
MicroVAX I MicroVAX II Industrial VAX 630 MicroVAX III MicroVAX III+ VAX 4 MicroVAX 2000 MicroVAX 3100 Model 10 MicroVAX 3100 Model 10e MicroVAX 3100 Model 20 (also sold with different firmware as an Infoserver 100) MicroVAX 3100 Model 20e MicroVAX 3100 Model 30 MicroVAX 3100 Model 40 MicroVAX 3100 Model 80 MicroVAX 3100 Model 85 MicroVAX 3100 Model 88 MicroVAX 3100 Model 90 MicroVAX 3100 Model 95 MicroVAX 3100 Model 96 MicroVAX 3100 Model 98 MicroVAX 3300 MicroVAX 3400 MicroVAX 3500 MicroVAX 3600 MicroVAX 3800 MicroVAX 3900   =																																														
Regulating the cult of relics, the confirmation of heavenly patrons in a diocese or locality The valid authorisation of canonical coronations for venerated Catholic images decreed from a Pope The elevation of sanctuaries to the title of minor basilica.																																														
Hindu goddesses like Chandi, Kali and Hindu gods like Bhairava, Mahakala are given meat offerings of animals like roosters, goats, fish, buffalo which are slaughtered in the temple precincts.																																														
Hervé-Marie Le Cléac'h was appointed Bishop of Taiohae o Tefenuaenatal on 1 March 1973 and received his episcopal consecration on 24 June 1973.																																														
Albert Sanschagrin, O.M.I. (August 5, 1911 – April 2, 2009) was Bishop Emeritus of Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, Canada, and the oldest Canadian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church at the time of his death.																																														
Bishop José Alfredo Caires de Nobrega (born 12 April 1951 in Caniço (Santa Cruz)) is the bishop of the Diocese of Mananjary in Mananjary, Madagascar.																																														
Hermann Raich (2 May 1934 – 9 October 2009) was the first Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wabag in Papua New Guinea.																																														
George Martin Kuzma (July 24, 1925 – December 7, 2008) was an American bishop of the Ruthenian Greek Catholic Church.																																														
330 AD):  "Indeed, who is there who would believe that there are gods of profit, and that they preside over the pursuit of profits, which come most of the time from base sources and always at the expense of others"?																																														
The Shatrughna Temple is the fourth temple which devotees visit when they embark on the Nalambalam (Four Temples) yatra or visit.																																														
In Rabbinic Judaism, a blessing (or berakhah) is recited at a specified moment during a prayer, ceremony or other activity, especially before and after partaking of food.																																														
It is a resident breeder along inland rivers from Iran east into the Indian Subcontinent and further to Myanmar to Thailand, where it is uncommon.																																														
While it is the only native species of Salmo present in the northern Black Sea basin, it may hybridize with (introduced) brown trout in the major rivers.																																														
It has been observed that some pairs cement a close bond, staying in watchful proximity of each other year-round; Other gulls display more independence, but may take the same mate each spring.																																														
The nominate subspecies and the subspecies affinis both have chestnut throats, whereas the Kabobo apalis has an entirely grey throat but paler undersides.																																														
Its winter quarters are usually dry grassland, coastal dunes, saltmarshes, dry floodplains and sometimes cultivated land.																																														
Foraging is frequently near livestock, with birds feeding on insects disturbed by the animals and also perching on cattle or sheep to remove ectoparasites.																																														
The species breeds on coastal islands off Tierra del Fuego, through the Chilean fjords, and the outer islands of the Falklands archipelago.																																														
It is found in the Western Atlantic from Massachusetts to the Gulf of Mexico, Cuba, Trinidad, and south to Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).																																														
Mr Percival (1976 – 2 September 2009) was an Australian pelican, noted for his appearance in the 1976 Australian film Storm Boy.																																														
The Christmas frigatebird is a large lightly built seabird with brownish-black plumage, long narrow wings and a deeply forked tail.																																														
The lower breast is rufous, the center of the belly whitish, and the sides of the breast and belly dull brown with buffy scallops.																																														
Month of Sowing: June - July, Duration : < 120 days, Suitable varieties: Short duration varieties, Cultivating places: Tiruchirapalli, Perambalur, Karur, Thanjavur, Nagapattinam, Tiruvarur, Pudukottai and Erode districts.																																														
The production of this boro rice, including high-yield varieties, expanded rapidly until the mid-1980s, when production leveled off at just below 4 million tons.																																														
Omo tuo, a Ghanaian staple food that is more smooth and soft due to its higher volume of water, usually eaten with peanut soup.																																														
The larva is known as the most serious insect pest of cultivated wild rice in Minnesota, and perhaps the entire Upper Midwest of the United States.																																														
As of 2013 Pusa Basmati 1121 had spread over 84% of the total basmati area in Punjab, 78% in Western Uttar Pradesh, 68% in Haryana, 30% in Uttrakhand, 8% in Jammu and Kashmir and grown over a 1000-ha area in hill state of Himachal Pradesh.																																														
Its dark purple color is primarily due to its anthocyanin content, which is higher by weight than that of other colored grains.																																														
Most common is plain, steamed white rice; however, a number of varieties and are served, many with specific cooking methods.																																														
By raising procurement prices by 14 percent to the 1986 level, Seoul achieved a rice price structure that was about five times that of the world market in 1987.																																														
In 1892 he converted a grist mill into the Beaumont Rice Mill, the first commercially successful rice mill in the state of Texas.																																														
Muttukadu at Chinnakkanal  panchayat, which has the highest number of paddy fields, is known as the Kuttanad of the high range.																																														
From 2000 to 2008, the Mekong Delta of Vietnam experienced major crop losses of rice as RGSV and rice ragged stunt virus, also vectored by N. lugens, occurred  together.																																														
S. microlepis can be found in shallow coastal waters along the Pacific coast of Asia, and off the coast of the Pacific Northwest of North America.																																														
Therefore, the four main themes of landscape limnology are:  Patch characteristics: The characteristics of a freshwater ecosystem include its physical morphometry, chemical, and biological features, as well as its boundaries.																																														
Rhinella spinulosa is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae that is found in the Andean Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, and Peru.																																														
Its natural habitats are shallow seas, subtidal aquatic beds, coral reefs, estuarine waters, intertidal marshes, and coastal saline lagoons.																																														
The common puddle frog, puddle frog, or yellow bellied puddle frog (Occidozyga laevis) is a species of frog in the family Dicroglossidae.																																														
Salt marsh – Coastal ecosystem between land and open saltwater that is regularly flooded Brackish marsh – Marsh with brackish level of salinity Mudflat, also known as Tidal flat – Coastal wetlands where sediments have been deposited by tides or rivers   =																																														
It occurs in the coastal drainages of eastern Australia, being found in dune lakes, ponds, creeks, and swamps with plentiful vegetation to provide shelter.																																														
Breeding takes place in a range of aquatic habitats: deep volcanic lakes, shallow vernal pools, artificial cattle ponds, and intermittent, fish-free stream pools.																																														
It is known from only two locations – Tshimbulu sur Luebi in Kasai Province in the southwestern Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Rio Chingufo in northeastern Angola.																																														
Pseudoeurycea aquatica, which has been given the common name of aquatic salamander is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.																																														
Its natural habitats are subtropical forests, rivers, intermittent rivers, swamps, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, ponds, open excavations, and canals and ditches.																																														
Napoleon utilised dogs for their superior senses, putting them to work in roles similar to that of modern sentry dogs.																																														
When either the yellow dog with four eyes, or the white dog with yellow ears, is brought there, then the Drug Nasu flies away to the regions of the north, in the shape of a raging fly, with knees and tail sticking out, all stained with stains, and like unto the foulest Khrafstras The expression "four eyes" is thought to refer to a dog with two tan flecks above the eyes.																																														
The original hunting terriers include the Fell Terrier (developed in northern England to assist in the killing of foxes) and the Hunt Terrier (developed in southern England to locate, kill or bolt foxes during a traditional mounted fox hunt).																																														
Ancient DNA from the remains of these dogs indicates that they belong to the same genetic lineage as modern Arctic dogs, and that this lineage gave rise to the earliest native American dogs.																																														
Although ⟨ɑ⟩ is normally just an allograph of ⟨a⟩, there are instances in which the two letters must be carefully distinguished:  In the International Phonetic Alphabet, ⟨ɑ⟩ represents an open back unrounded vowel, while ⟨a⟩ represents an open front unrounded vowel.																																														
Producer Rod Kiewiet reportedly assigned each student in his political science class, PS 141a, to play Touch Pets: Dogs for homework in order to drive up popularity in its waning years.																																														
l. baileyi) and pre-1900 samples of the Great Plains wolf (Canis lupus nubilus) resembled the Late Pleistocene and Holocene fossil gray wolves due to their shorter legs.																																														
All of the languages it is used in also use its dotted counterpart İ while not using the basic Latin letter I. In scholarly writing on Turkic languages, ï is sometimes used for /ɯ/.																																														
Since 1974, Lange has helped rescue more than 20,000 abandoned cats and dogs that would have otherwise been euthanized in city shelters.																																														
It does this through an annual writing competition with various awards such as the Maxwell Medallion and Merial Human-Animal Bond Award, which are awarded at an annual dinner on the eve of the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show.																																														
As a character in a computer file, it can be represented in the Unicode character encoding, but not the standard ASCII character encoding.																																														
The Cooper, later Paston-Cooper, later Astley-Cooper Baronetcy, of Gadebridge in the County of Hertford, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.																																														
The Harrison Baronetcy, of Egglescliffe in the County of Durham, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 15 June 1922 for John Harrison.																																														
Sir Heath Harrison, 1st Baronet (1857–1934) married on 1882 Mary Adelaide, daughter of the late William Howard, of Colchester.																																														
The video for "Blow Away" includes shots of Harrison miming to the song superimposed over footage of moving clouds and land, and in some instances, accompanied by large toys (a wind-up duck; sitting in a toy swan and on a dog).																																														
Invention" – 3:38 "Toys, Toys, Toys, Choke, Toys, Toys, Toys" – 5:28 "The Houses of Roofs" – 5:127" BBQ361"Toys, Toys, Toys, Choke, Toys, Toys, Toys" (Edit) – 4:08 "Joy.																																														
Notable people with the surname include:  Andy Newmark, American musician Bobby Newmark, fictional character in novel Brooks Newmark (born 1958), British politician, Member of Parliament for Braintree Craig Newmark, founder of Craigslist Dave Newmark, former basketball player Harris Newmark, former businessman and historian Joseph Newmark (1799–1881), Prussian-born American rabbi.																																														
The B-side to the vinyl, "All The Way Down (Chapter 2)", originally first appeared on the band's debut independent single, "Iname", in 1999.																																														
Notable people with the surname include:  Earls of Shaftesbury: Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 1st Earl of Shaftesbury (1621–1683), English nobleman Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 2nd Earl of Shaftesbury (1652–1699), English nobleman Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 3rd Earl of Shaftesbury (1671–1713), English nobleman Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 4th Earl of Shaftesbury (1711–1771), English nobleman Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 5th Earl of Shaftesbury (1761–1811), English nobleman Cropley Ashley-Cooper, 6th Earl of Shaftesbury (1768–1851), English nobleman Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 7th Earl of Shaftesbury (1801–1885), English nobleman Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 8th Earl of Shaftesbury (1831–1886), English nobleman Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 9th Earl of Shaftesbury (1869–1961), English nobleman Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 10th Earl of Shaftesbury (1938–2004), English nobleman Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 11th Earl of Shaftesbury (1977–2005), English nobleman Nicholas Ashley-Cooper, 12th Earl of Shaftesbury (born 1979), English nobleman Adam Ashley-Cooper (born 1984), Australian rugby player Anthony Henry Ashley-Cooper, known as Henry Ashley, (1807–1858), English cricketer Edward Ashley-Cooper (1906–2000), Australian actor F. S. Ashley-Cooper (1877–1932), English cricket historian and statistician William Ashley-Cooper (1803–1877), English Member of Parliament   =																																														
The sixth Baronet used the surname of Astley-Cooper, which is also used by the seventh Baronet and (as of 2007) present holder of the title.																																														
Blow Away" reached number 51 on the UK Singles Chart, his first chart appearance on that chart since "You" in 1975.																																														
Participants in the running events are given individual participant numbers and RFID tags which provide real-time recordings of their running times.																																														
He competed for Serbia and Montenegro at the 2004 Summer Olympics and finished 39th in the 20 kilometre walk with a time of 1:31:35.																																														
Walk of Fame of Italian sport Italy national athletics team – Multiple medalists Italy national athletics team - More caps Italian Athletics Championships - Multi winners FIDAL Hall of Fame Italian all-time lists - 20 km walk Italian all-time lists - 50 km walk Italy at the World Athletics Race Walking Team Championships Fit Walking Saluzzo Race Walking School   =																																														
At the 2001 European Race Walking Cup Erm placed 3rd in the Men's 20 kilometres walk, a success he could repeat at the 2003 World Championships in Athletics in the more challenging Men's 50 kilometres walk.																																														
5 and 2 kilometres at Whitefield Moor near Brockenhurst Pilcot Farm circular walk from Dogmersfield (to the west of Fleet) Pucknall Farm circular walk, starting from behind the Wheatsheaf Inn at Braishfield near Romsey Queen Elizabeth Country Park near Petersfield contains a total of about 32 kilometres of trails and paths Sydmonton Common walk, a circular walk to the south of the A339 near Bishop's Green Tall Trees Trail, 2 kilometre circular from either Blackwater or Brock Hill near Brockenhurst The Vyne circular walks, signposted off the A340 road north of Basingstoke West End farm, circular walks at Upper Froyle between Farnham and Alton West Walk near Bere, 2 circular walks described as being 1 and 2 hours duration respectively Wilverley Wander, 3 kilometres from Wilverley Plain between Brockenhurst and Burley   =																																														
Euclystis angularis (Moschler, 1886) Euclystis antecedens (Walker, 1858) Euclystis cayuga Schaus, 1921 Euclystis centurialis Hubner, 1823 Euclystis deterrimus (Schaus, 1911) Euclystis diascia Hampson, 1926 Euclystis epidromiaelineatus Feige, 1972 Euclystis epulea (Herrich-Schaffer, 1858) Euclystis facunda (Felder & Rogenhofer, 1874) Euclystis fulica (Felder & Rogenhofer, 1874) Euclystis furvus (Schaus, 1912) Euclystis fuscicilia Hampson, 1926 Euclystis ghilianii (Guenee, 1852) Euclystis golosus (Dognin, 1897) Euclystis gorge (Schaus, 1912) Euclystis gravidus (Schaus, 1914) Euclystis gregalis (Schaus, 1912) Euclystis guerini (Guenee, 1852) Euclystis infusella Walker Euclystis insanus (Guenee, 1852) (or Euclystis insana) Euclystis intactus (Felder & Rogenhofer, 1874) Euclystis invidiosus (Schaus, 1911) Euclystis isoa (Guenee, 1852) Euclystis labecia (Druce, 1890) Euclystis lacaena (Druce, 1890) Euclystis lala (Druce, 1890) Euclystis laluma (Schaus, 1915) Euclystis manto (Cramer, 1776) Euclystis masgaba (Schaus, 1914) Euclystis maximus (Druce, 1890) Euclystis mnyra Schaus, 1921 Euclystis myodes Felder & Rogenhofer, 1874 Euclystis nescia (Schaus, 1911) Euclystis onusta (Schaus, 1911) Euclystis pallidipes (Schaus, 1911) Euclystis perplexus (Schaus, 1911) Euclystis plusioides (Walker, 1858) Euclystis polioperas Hampson, 1926 Euclystis polyoperas Schaus, 1921 Euclystis postponens (Walker, 1858) Euclystis proba (Schaus, 1911) Euclystis recurvus (Walker, 1858) Euclystis steniellus Hampson Euclystis sublignaris Schaus, 1911 Euclystis subtremula Schaus, 1921 Euclystis sytis (Guenee, 1852) Euclystis terraba (Schaus, 1911)   =																																														
Amata annulata (Fabricius, 1775) Amata antitheta (Meyrick, 1886) Amata aperta (Walker, 1865) Amata atricornuta Gaede, 1926 Amata bicolor (Walker, 1854) Amata chlorometis (Meyrick, 1886) Amata choneutospila (Turner, 1905) Amata chroma (Swinhoe, 1892) Amata chromatica (Turner, 1905) Amata cyanura (Meyrick, 1886) Amata dyschlaena (Turner, 1905) Amata heptaspila (Turner, 1905) Amata hesperitis (Meyrick, 1886) Amata huebneri (Boisduval, 1828) Amata humeralis (Butler, 1876) Amata hyalota (Meyrick, 1886) Amata insularis (Butler, 1876) Amata lampetis (Turner, 1898) Amata leucacma (Meyrick, 1886) Amata lucta (T.P. Lucas, 1901) Amata macroplaca (Meyrick, 1886) Amata magistri (Turner, 1905) Amata marella (Butler, 1876) Amata melitospila (Turner, 1905) Amata nigriceps (Butler, 1876) Amata ochrospila (Turner, 1922) Amata olinda (Swinhoe, 1892) Amata orphnaea (Turner, 1898) Amata pactolina (Walker, 1865) Amata paradelpha (Turner, 1905) Amata paraula (Meyrick, 1886) Amata phaeochyta (Turner, 1907) Amata phepsalotis (Meyrick, 1886) Amata prosomoea (Turner, 1905) Amata pyrocoma (Meyrick, 1886) Amata recedens (T.P. Lucas, 1891) Amata trigonophora (Turner, 1898) Amata xanthosoma (Turner, 1898) Amata xanthura (Turner, 1905) Ceryx guttulosa (Walker, 1865) Ceryx sphenodes (Meyrick, 1886) Eressa angustipenna (T.P. Lucas, 1890) Eressa geographica (Meyrick, 1886) Eressa megalospilia Turner, 1922 Eressa megatorna Hampson, 1898 Eressa paurospila Turner, 1922 Eressa rhysoptila (Turner, 1922) Eressa strepsimeris (Meyrick, 1886)   =																																														
NCK is based in Östersund, Sweden and run jointly by Jamtli, the Föreningsarkivet (the Popular Movement Archive) in Jämtland county, and the Landsarkivet (the Regional Archives) in Östersund.																																														
Henning Stensrud (born 20 August 1977) is a Norwegian former ski jumper who debuted with the Norwegian World Cup team in 1996.																																														
Janne Henrik Väätäinen (born March 6, 1975 in Kuopio) is a Finnish former ski jumper who competed from 1992 to 2001.																																														
In primates, bipedal locomotion may allow them to carry more resources at one time, which could confer an advantage especially if the resources are rare.																																														
The principles contained in the convention were subsequently revised and included in the ILO Convention C132, Holidays with Pay Convention (Revised), 1970.																																														
Sergei Duvanov (born 1953) is a prominent Kazakhstani journalist who, in 2002, wrote articles that claimed President Nursultan Nazarbayev and several other Kazakh politicians had illicit Swiss bank accounts containing millions of U.S.' dollars.																																														
La Fiesta de todos (The party of Everyone) is a 1979 Argentinian film produced by the Ente Autárquico Mundial 1978 (EAM´78), organization in charge of the organization of the 1978 FIFA World Cup  where with a cast of Argentinian actors like Luis Sandrini and other shows the feeling of the Argentinian people towards the event.																																														
United Nations Security Council Resolution 77, adopted on 11 October 1949, having received and examined the second progress report of the Commission for Conventional Armaments, the Council directed the Secretary-General to transmit the report, along with its annexes, accompanying resolution and a record of the Council’s consideration of the subject to the General Assembly for its information.																																														
Subsequently, the reputation of Idiarte was greatly overshadowed by that of José Batlle y Ordóñez, who later became a long-serving President.																																														
Jeune République has organized conferences and symposiums from 2009 to 2014 in France and in universities abroad, triggering dialogues between the poets Yves Bonnefoy and Tahar Bekri, debates on the Afghan Wars between French Presidential candidates Dominique de Villepin and Jean-Luc Mélenchon and symposiums on mass surveillance and copyright issues with Noam Chomsky, Julian Assange and others.																																														
United Nations Security Council Resolution 688, adopted on 5 April 1991, after receiving letters from the representatives of France, Iran, and Turkey and expressing its concern over political repression of the Iraqi people, including those in Iraqi Kurdistan, the Council condemned the repression and demanded that Iraq, as a contribution to removing the threat to international peace and security, end the repression and respect the human rights of its population.																																														
Uruguay's location between Argentina and Brazil makes close relations with these two larger neighbors and MERCOSUR associate members Chile and Bolivia particularly important.																																														
He collaborated in local politics with his close relative, Bernabé Aráoz, assisting in the 1820 formation of the Republic of Tucumán and serving as a legislator in the provincial assembly.																																														
Israel closed its embassies in Mauritania and Venezuela after the Gaza War, following a request to do so by their national governments.																																														
The purpose of the treaty was to impose a general obligation on the signatories to settle their disputes through peaceful means.																																														
This enzyme belongs to the family of transferases, specifically those transferring phosphorus-containing groups (phosphotransferases) with a phosphate group as acceptor.																																														
The rubber produced by this method found several uses, including most notably, the manufacture of balls for the Mesoamerican ballgame ōllamaliztli.																																														
Production of synthetic rubber in the United States expanded greatly during World War II since the Axis powers controlled nearly all the world's limited supplies of natural rubber by mid-1942, following the Japanese conquest of most of Asia (from where much of the global supply of natural rubber was sourced).																																														
Other names in common use include tyramine N-feruloyl-CoA transferase, feruloyltyramine synthase, feruloyl-CoA tyramine N-feruloyl-CoA transferase, and tyramine feruloyltransferase.																																														
This enzyme belongs to the family of transferases, specifically those transferring aryl or alkyl groups other than methyl groups.																																														
As of late 2007, two structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes 2DH4 and 2Q80.																																														
Butyl rubber (copolymer of isobutene and isoprene, IIR) Halogenated butyl rubbers (chloro butyl rubber: CIIR; bromo butyl rubber: BIIR) Styrene-butadiene rubber (copolymer of styrene and butadiene, SBR) Nitrile rubber (copolymer of butadiene and acrylonitrile, NBR), also called Buna N rubbers Hydrogenated nitrile rubbers (HNBR) Therban and Zetpol(Unsaturated rubbers can also be cured by non-sulfur vulcanization if desired.																																														
Farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase (a prenyl transferase) catalyzes sequential condensation reactions of dimethylallyl pyrophosphate with 2 units of 3-isopentenyl pyrophosphate to form farnesyl pyrophosphate, as is shown in the following two steps:  Dimethylallyl pyrophosphate reacts with 3-isopentenyl pyrophosphate to form geranyl pyrophosphate:  Geranyl pyrophosphate then reacts with another molecule of 3-isopentenyl pyrophosphate to form farnesyl pyrophosphate   =																																														
Druce, 1906) Peru Thagona elmira Schaus, 1927 Bolivia Thagona errans (Schaus, 1920) Guatemala Thagona fusca (H.																																														
The genus was circumscribed by Martin Grube and Josef Hafellner in 1990, with Zwackhiomyces coepulonus assigned as the type species.																																														
The Barb (also called the English Barb) is a breed of fancy pigeon developed over many years of selective breeding.																																														
Phobaeticus annamallayanus (Wood-Mason, 1877) Phobaeticus chani Bragg, 2008 Phobaeticus decoris Seow-Choen, 2016 Phobaeticus foliatus (Bragg, 1995) Phobaeticus grubaueri (Redtenbacher, 1908) Phobaeticus hypharpax (Westwood, 1859) Phobaeticus incertus Brunner von Wattenwyl, 1907 Phobaeticus ingens (Redtenbacher, 1908) Phobaeticus kirbyi Brunner von Wattenwyl, 1907 Phobaeticus lobulatus (Carl, 1913) Phobaeticus lumawigi Brock, 1998 Phobaeticus magnus Hennemann & Conle, 2008 Phobaeticus mjobergi (Günther, 1935) Phobaeticus monicachiae Seow-Choen, 2016 Phobaeticus palawanensis Hennemann & Conle, 2008 Phobaeticus philippinicus (Hennemann & Conle, 1997) Phobaeticus pinnipes (Redtenbacher, 1908) Phobaeticus redtenbacheri (Dohrn, 1910) Phobaeticus serratipes (Gray, 1835) Phobaeticus sinetyi Brunner von Wattenwyl, 1907 Phobaeticus sobrinus Brunner von Wattenwyl, 1907 (synonym P. beccarianus) - type species Phobaeticus trui Bresseel & Constant, 2014   =																																														
Poblana alchichica F. de Buen, 1945 (Alchichica silverside) Poblana ferdebueni Solórzano & Y. López, 1965 (Chignahuapan silverside) Poblana letholepis Álvarez, 1950 (La Preciosa silverside) Poblana squamata Álvarez, 1950 (Quechulac silverside)   =																																														
The five Hawaiian species are generally called ʻōlapa, and occur in wet forests on all major islands as well as some mesic forests, such as Kipuka Puaulu.																																														
Plaxiphora albida (Blainville, 1825) Plaxiphora atlantica Plaxiphora aurata (Spalowsky 1795) Plaxiphora aurata campbelli Filhol, 1880 Plaxiphora aurea Plaxiphora australis Suter, 1907 Plaxiphora bednalli Plaxiphora biramosa Quoy & Gaimard, 1835 Plaxiphora boydeni Murdoch, 1982 Plaxiphora brevispinosa Plaxiphora caelata Reeve, 1847 Plaxiphora costata (Blainville) Plaxiphora dardennei Plaxiphora egregia H. Adams, 1866 Plaxiphora fernandezi Plaxiphora frigida Plaxiphora glauca Plaxiphora kamehamehae Plaxiphora marquesana Plaxiphora matthewsi Plaxiphora mercatoris Leloup, 1936 Plaxiphora mixta Plaxiphora murdochi Suter, 1905 Plaxiphora obscurella Plaxiphora obtecta Carpenter in Pilsbry, 1893 Plaxiphora paeteliana Plaxiphora petholata Plaxiphora petholatus Plaxiphora reoplendens Plaxiphora schauinslandi Plaxiphora setiger Plaxiphora setigera Plaxiphora tricolor Plaxiphora tulearensis   =																																														
Yunnanilus altus Kottelat & X. L. Chu, 1988 Yunnanilus analis J. X. Yang, 1990 Yunnanilus bailianensis J. Yang, 2013 Yunnanilus bajiangensis W. X. Li, 2004 Yunnanilus beipanjiangensis W. X. Li, W. N. Mao & R. F. Sun, 1994 Yunnanilus brevis (Boulenger, 1893) Yunnanilus caohaiensis R. H. Ding, 1992 Yunnanilus chuanheensis Jiang, Zhao, Du & Wang, 2021 Yunnanilus chui J. X. Yang, 1991 Yunnanilus cruciatus (Rendahl (de), 1944) Yunnanilus discoloris W. Zhou & J. C. He, 1989 Yunnanilus elakatis W. X. Cao & S. Q. Zhu, 1989 Yunnanilus forkicaudalis W. X. Li, 1999 Yunnanilus ganheensis L. An, B. S. Liu & W. X. Li, 2009 Yunnanilus jinxiensis Y. Zhu, L. N. Du & X. Y. Chen, 2009 Yunnanilus longibarbatus X. Gan, X. Y. Chen & J. X. Yang, 2007 Yunnanilus longibulla J. X. Yang, 1990 Yunnanilus macrogaster Kottelat & X. L. Chu, 1988 Yunnanilus macrolepis W. X. Li, Tao & W. N. Mao, 2000 Yunnanilus macrositanus W. X. Li, 1999 Yunnanilus nanpanjiangensis W. X. Li, W. N. Mao & Z. M. Lu, 1994 Yunnanilus niger Kottelat & X. L. Chu, 1988 Yunnanilus nigromaculatus (Regan, 1904)  Yunnanilus niulanensis Z. M. Chen, J. Yang & J. X. Yang, 2012 Yunnanilus obtusirostris J. X. Yang, 1995 Yunnanilus pachycephalus Kottelat & X. L. Chu, 1988 Yunnanilus paludosus Kottelat & X. L. Chu, 1988 Yunnanilus parvus Kottelat & X. L. Chu, 1988 Yunnanilus pleurotaenia (Regan, 1904) Yunnanilus pulcherrimus J. X. Yang, X. Y. Chen & J. H. Lan, 2004 Yunnanilus qujinensis L. N. Du, Y. F. Lu & X. Y. Chen, 2015 Yunnanilus sichuanensis R. H. Ding, 1995 Yunnanilus spanisbripes L. An, B. S. Liu & W. X. Li, 2009 Yunnanilus tigerivinus Li & Duan, 1999 Yunnanilus yangzonghaiensis Cao & Zhu, 1989   =																																														
The Phasmida Species File lists:  Mnesilochus bushelli (Bragg, 2005) Mnesilochus capreolus Stål, 1877 Mnesilochus haedulus Stål, 1877 Mnesilochus jenswilhelmjanzeni (Zompro, 2007) Mnesilochus mindanaense (Brunner von Wattenwyl, 1907) Mnesilochus palawanicus (Carl, 1913) Mnesilochus portentosus (Brunner von Wattenwyl, 1907) Mnesilochus rusticus (Brunner von Wattenwyl, 1907) Mnesilochus verrucosus (Haan, 1842)   =																																														
Synomera alcis (Schaus, 1914) French Guiana Synomera corazalis Schaus, 1916 Panama Synomera crafti Schaus, 1916 Panama Synomera cyllarus Schaus, 1916 French Guiana Synomera francalis (Schaus, 1906) Brazil (São Paulo) Synomera hylonome Schaus, 1916 Synomera isthmialis Schaus, 1916 Panama Synomera pedroalis Schaus, 1916 Brazil (Rio de Janeiro) Synomera procrustes Schaus, 1916 French Guiana Synomera tanga Schaus, 1916 Trinidad Synomera tatalga Schaus, 1916 Brazil (São Paulo)   =																																														
It is native to the Palearctic realm (including Europe, the Near East, and North Africa), Afrotropical realm, and Nearctic realm.																																														
In opposite to the old mast radiator, the tower was grounded and equipped with a cage antenna for mediumwave.																																														
In other words, if the controlling input signal is applied at any point during the AC output wave other than very close to the zero voltage point of that wave, the output of the switching device will "wait" to switch on until the output AC wave reaches its next zero point.																																														
According to the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC), the station's city of licence is Balmoral, but the Industry Canada database lists the station as being based in Campbellton.																																														
The integrator is lossy, so the Rogowski coil does not have a response down to DC; neither does a conventional current transformer (see Néel effect coils for DC).																																														
In an antiferroelectric, unlike a ferroelectric, the total, macroscopic spontaneous polarization is zero, since the adjacent dipoles cancel each other out.																																														
Humbucking is a technique of introducing a small amount of line-frequency signal so as to cancel any hum introduced, or otherwise arrange to electrically cancel the effect of induced line frequency hum.																																														
This means that there is a nonlinear and as such non-trivial relationship between the properties of the individual cascaded components and the composite properties of the resulting cascade.																																														
Since the path that a signal takes from a transmitter to receiver can be used to measure the distance between the two, this makes it highly suited for GPS and radar applications.																																														
It performs reasonably well over a broad frequency range, without marked dead spots in terms of either frequency, direction, or angle of radiation above the horizon.																																														
A transmission line of finite length (lossless or lossy) that is terminated at one end with an impedance equal to the characteristic impedance appears to the source like an infinitely long transmission line and produces no reflections.																																														
The set was capable of being interrogated by airborne radars operating on beacon function and replying with a coded signal, permitting the beacon to be located in range and azimuth.																																														
1964; Nautiloidea - Discosorida, in the Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology Part K; Geologocial Society of America and University of Kansas press, 1964.																																														
It runs almost horizontally from the malleolar fossa of the lateral malleolus of the fibula to the lateral tubercle on the posterior surface of the talus.																																														
An obturator hernia is a rare type of hernia of the pelvic floor in which pelvic or abdominal contents protrudes through the obturator foramen.																																														
It is continuous behind with a flattened triangular area, the trigone of the lateral ventricle, situated between the posterior and inferior cornua.																																														
The stylohyoid ligament is a ligament that connects the hyoid bone to the temporal styloid process (of the temporal bone of the skull).																																														
The fibular veins are deep veins that help carry blood from the lateral compartment of the leg.																																														
The triple tibial osteotomy has been developed as a hybrid of two previously available orthopaedic procedures, the tibial tuberosity advancement and the tibial plateau leveling osteotomy.																																														
This article incorporates text in the public domain from page 246 of the 20th edition of Gray's Anatomy (1918)   =																																														
Anatomy of the talus by Maurice Laude, Laboratory of Anatomy and Organogenesis, Amiens Medical School Fractures of the Talus at mdmercy.com lljoints at The Anatomy Lesson by Wesley Norman (Georgetown University) (posterioranklejoint) Illustration at orthoinfo.																																														
Topographical Anatomy of the Lower Limb - Listed Alphabetically from UAMS Department of Neurobiology and Developmental Sciences Anatomy Tables - Anterior & Medial Thigh from anatomy.																																														
After passing through the obturator canal and outside of the pelvis, the obturator artery divides at the upper margin of the obturator foramen, into an anterior branch and a posterior branch of the obturator artery which encircle the foramen under cover of the obturator externus.																																														
To perform forward crossovers in a counterclockwise direction, the skater begins with a stroke onto the left forward outside edge.																																														
) Rob Ray Rule – after Rob Ray (Canada) where players must keep their jersey tied down to their pants.																																														
This move sees an attacking wrestler take hold of an arm of an opponent and then move to a back to back position, so that the opponent's arm hooks across and round the opponent's own head.																																														
Names marked in bold typeface are towns and villages, and the word Town appears for those entries in the Acres column.																																														
The women's 53 kilograms weightlifting event was the second-lightest women's event at the weightlifting competition, limiting competitors to a maximum of 53 kilograms of body mass.																																														
The Women's Flyweight Weightlifting Event (48 kg) is the lightest women's weight class event at the weightlifting competition, limited to competitors with a maximum of 48 kilograms of body mass.																																														
The double underhooks can be used to advance into a bear hug by locking the hands behind the back, and holding the opponent close to the chest.																																														
Parivritta Utkatasana is the rotated variant; the hands are pressed together in front of the chest in Anjali Mudra, the lower elbow is pressed against the outside of the opposite knee, and the gaze is directed upwards.																																														
Whilst there is some evidence that the leg extension's unnatural moment arm places constant tension on the anterior cruciate ligament (ACL), there is no evidence to suggest that this constant tension increases injury risk outside of individuals with pre-existing ACL injuries.																																														
Jensen had, however, suffered from the extra lifts in that he experienced a slight injury in trying to lift more than he was able.																																														
The girls' 48 kg weightlifting event was the first women's event at the weightlifting competition at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics, with competitors limited to a maximum of 48 kilograms of body mass.																																														
The journal's has a case-study style: it offers examples of how operations research theory has been applied in businesses and organizations.																																														
Division 46, the Media Psychology Division (now the APA Society for Media Psychology and Technology), is one of the fastest growing in the American Psychological Association.																																														
Established in 2000, BaCaTec for Bavaria California Technology Center is a technology platform for research exchange between universities in the federal states of Bavaria in Germany and the state of California in the United States of America.																																														
Then she became a television presenter for Caribbean News Media Group TV Channel 9 in that country and hosted the new programme Live with Simone, a talk show.																																														
The APA Concise Dictionary of Psychology offers a more extensive definition: "a substitute for a person's biological father, who performs typical paternal functions and serves as an object of identification and attachment.																																														
Currently five different Studios are working in applied ICT research:  Inter-Organisational Systems: eGovernment-eBusiness (IOS, Vienna) iSPACE (Salzburg) MicroLearning & Information Environments (MINE, Innsbruck/Salzburg/Linz/Vienna) Pervasive Computing Applications (PCA, Linz/Vienna) Smart Agent Technologies (SAT, Vienna)   =																																														
We are social beings, and we crave socialization, and social presence explains how we form relationships and how beneficial and necessary they are to our lives.																																														
In 1981, the World Association for Public Opinion Research established the Helen Dinerman Award – "in memory of Helen Dinerman's scientific achievements over three decades of public opinion research" – to recognize individuals who have made "significant contributions to survey research methodology".																																														
DIY Research (DIY Market Research) means marketing, customer or personnel research using online research methods that any individual or organization, whether they be a professional researcher or not, carries out via special online research software, or online survey tool.																																														
The popularity and usage of smart technology has increased which has shifted the way the fashion industry advertises.																																														
NZARE has established caucuses to promote and serve the interests of Māori, Pasifika researchers and emerging researchers;  Special Interest Groups are formed at the request of members in a range of topics.																																														
The police later stated the man was arrested for being gay but offered to release the suspect in exchange for money.																																														
He was the son of Georgios Rouphos, a politician and the 11th Mayor of Patras and a grandson of Benizelos Roufos, a Prime Minister of Greece and Mayor of Patras, he is descended from the Rouphos-Kanakaris families with many generations of politicians and descended from southern Italy.																																														
Solomon ben David (Hebrew: שלמה בן דוד) was a Karaite leader of the late tenth and early eleventh centuries CE.																																														
Adoption was considered the same as affinity in that an adoptive father could not marry an unemancipated daughter or granddaughter even if the adoption had been dissolved.																																														
Differences include the definition of "child" under the laws, which can vary with the age of sexual consent; the definition of "child pornography" itself,  for example on the basis of medium or degree of reality; and which actions are criminal (e.g. production, distribution, possession, and/or downloading and viewing of material).																																														
Since this Agganric is not known elsewhere and most of William's other relatives are accounted for, presumably he is a relative of William's wife.																																														
Under paragraph 173 of the German criminal code, sexual relations between close relatives are illegal and punishable by up to three years in prison, but most cases of incest are instead prosecuted as child abuse.																																														
Such offspring have a higher possibility of congenital birth defects (see Coefficient of relationship) because it increases the proportion of zygotes that are homozygous for deleterious recessive alleles that produce such disorders (see Inbreeding depression).																																														
Similarly to the Cook Islands, Samoa and New Zealand, Niue possesses a traditional third gender population: the fiafifine (also known as the fakafifine).																																														
Some jurisdictions have passed so-called "Romeo and Juliet laws", which serve to reduce or eliminate the penalty of the crime in cases where the couple's age difference is minor and the sexual contact would not have been rape if both partners were legally able to give consent.																																														
Some private-use and former airports may be included where notable, such as airports that were previously public-use, those with commercial enplanements recorded by the FAA or airports assigned an IATA airport code.																																														
In July 2022, the airline had both its license and certificate suspended by the Nigerian authorities after it was deemed financially unfit to maintain operations.																																														
Later, when Bangladesh became independent in 1972, the Indian Air Force handed over to the Bangladesh Air Force and Biman Bangladesh Airlines resumed flights from Dhaka to Jessore.																																														
For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2006, the airport had 325 aircraft operations, an average of 27 per month: 77% air taxi and 23% general aviation.																																														
A search and rescue team was assembled, and later found scattered human remains and fragments of plane near the airport.																																														
It was part of a multiple-airfield complex in the Port Moresby area, located 30 miles (48 km) north-west of Port Moresby by air, near Rorona (also spelled Rarona).																																														
Avon STOLPort Fort Collins Downtown Airport Nichols Field (Colorado Springs) Stapleton International Airport (Denver) Skyline Airport Watkins, Colorado   =																																														
The Nomad plane had fallen out of radio contact, and personnel at the airstrip in Jacob Kondre said it was flying low and crashed into a mountain.																																														
The Fokker F-28 Fellowship registration PK-GVC was built in 1971 and had done over 1000 hours of flying time before the fatal accident.																																														
Philippine Airlines Flight 137 was a scheduled passenger flight from Manila's Ninoy Aquino International Airport to Bacolod City Domestic Airport.																																														
The airport had 33 aircraft operations per day: 73% local general aviation and 27% transient general aviation.																																														
GTPases function as molecular switches that can flip between two states: active, when GTP is bound, and inactive, when GDP is bound.																																														
One effect of this receptor is to activate deiodinases which convert the prohormone thyroxine (T4) to the active hormone triiodothyronine (T3).																																														
JWH-307 is an analgesic  drug used in scientific research, which acts as a cannabinoid agonist at both the CB1 and CB2 receptors.																																														
Mutations in receptors that result in increased constitutive activity underlie some inherited diseases, such as precocious puberty (due to mutations in luteinizing hormone receptors) and hyperthyroidism (due to mutations in thyroid-stimulating hormone receptors).																																														
The exact mechanisms and the relative importance of each remain under investigation, as are the effects of capsinoids on appetite and satiation.																																														
Raffaele Piria (Scilla 20 August 1814 – Turin 18 July 1865) was an Italian chemist from Scilla, who lived in Palmi.																																														
8% rebaudioside A.The glycoside contains only glucose (to the exclusion of other commonly found monosaccharides) as its monosaccharide moieties.																																														
MaxiK channels are large conductance, voltage and calcium-sensitive potassium channels which are fundamental to the control of smooth muscle tone and neuronal excitability.																																														
It is expressed in taste bud cells (specifically cell type II, which contain other G-protein coupled taste receptors), and its absence leads to reduced preference to two types of fatty acid (linoleic acid and oleic acid), as well as decreased neuronal response to oral fatty acids.																																														
The 9 amino acid bradykinin peptide elicits several responses including vasodilation, edema, smooth muscle spasm and nociceptor stimulation.																																														
Alazocine (developmental code name SKF-10047), also known more commonly as N-allylnormetazocine (NANM), is a synthetic opioid analgesic of the benzomorphan family related to metazocine, which was never marketed.																																														
Lummi sticks, named after the Lummi Native American peoples, are hardwood cylindrical sticks, usually roughly 7 inches long and 0.																																														
It is a long, machete-like round-ended knife on a long wooden handle used by a jimador to cut the leaves off an agave being harvested and to cut the agave from its roots.																																														
Ngāti Pōneke Young Māori Club is an Urban Māori cultural club that was formed in Wellington, New Zealand, in 1937.																																														
Two main types of digging sticks both shared a similar shape but differed in size:  A larger and heavier digging stick with a diameter of about 4 cm (1.																																														
6 in) and 2 m (6 ft 7 in) in length, used for the purpose of turning over the soil surface for new gardens; and A smaller and lighter digging stick with a diameter of about 2 cm (0.																																														
It is endemic to Australia, found in southern Victoria, as well as in Tasmania where it is the most widespread and common lizard, occurring on many offshore islands in Bass Strait as well as the mainland.																																														
Peters, 1871) – fine-spotted mulch-skinkNota bene: A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than Glaphyromorphus.																																														
Seven species are recognized as being valid: Typhlacontias brevipes V. FitzSimons, 1938 – FitzSimon's burrowing skink, short blind dart skink Typhlacontias gracilis Roux, 1907 – Roux's blind dart skink Typhlacontias johnsonii Andersson, 1916 – Johnson's western burrowing skink Typhlacontias kataviensis Broadley, 2006 – Katavi blind dart skink Typhlacontias punctatissimus Bocage, 1873 – dotted blind dart skink, speckled western burrowing skink Typhlacontias rohani Angel, 1923 – Rohan's blind dart skink Typhlacontias rudebecki Haacke, 1997 – Rudebeck's western burrowing skink   =																																														
Members of this subfamily are found in Australia and New Guinea, although one species, the Chinese water dragon, is found in Southeast Asia.																																														
Werner, 1919) – Wilson's snake-eyed skinkNota bene: A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a genus other than Panaspis.																																														
Species from Melanesia and Australia which were formerly included in Gonocephalus are now placed in the genus Hypsilurus.																																														
Suborder: Lacertilia Family: Agamidae Genus: Rankinia Mountain Dragon Rankinia diemensis Family: Scincidae Genus: Bassiana Eastern Three-lined Skink Bassiana duperreyi Genus: Cyclodomorphus She-oak Skink Cyclodomorphus casuarinae (endemic) Genus: Egernia White's Skink Egernia whitii Genus: Eulamprus Southern Water Skink Eulamprus tympanum Genus: Lampropholis Delicate Skink Lampropholis delicata Genus: Lerista Bougainville's Skink Lerista bougainvillii Genus: Carinascincus Spotted Skink Carinascincus ocellatus (endemic) Genus: Niveoscincus Southern Snow Skink Niveoscincus coventryi (endemic) Northern Snow Skink Niveoscincus greeni (endemic) Metallic Skink Niveoscincus metallicus Tasmanian Mountain Skink Niveoscincus orocryptus (endemic) Pedra Branca Skink Niveoscincus palfreymani (endemic) Genus: Pseudemoia Southern Grass Skink Pseudemoia entrecasteauxii Southern Grass Tussock Skink Pseudemoia pagenstecheri Rawlinson's Window-eyed Skink Pseudemoia rawlinsoni Genus: Tiliqua Blotched Blue-tongued Lizard Tiliqua nigrolutea Suborder: Serpentes Family: Elapidae Genus: Austrelaps Lowland Copperhead Austrelaps superbus Genus: Drysdalia White-lipped Snake Drysdalia coronoides Genus: Notechis Tasmanian Tiger Snake Notechis scutatus   =																																														
Hobart M. Smith (1995) Handbook of Lizards: Lizards of the United States and of Canada, Cornell University Press, 557 pages ISBN 0-8014-8236-4 C. Michael Hogan (2008) "Western fence lizard (Sceloporus occidentalis)", Globaltwitcher, ed.																																														
Cogger has rejected the use of the junior name Niveoscincus and recognizes the valid senior generic name Carinascincus for the group.																																														
Peters, 1879) – Guinean forest skink Mochlus hinkeli Wagner, Böhme, Pauwels & Schmitz, 2009 – Hinkel's red-sided skink, Hinkel's red-flanked skink Mochlus laeviceps (W.																																														
However, the Joint Commission on Biochemical Nomenclature (JCBN) dictates that 'synthase' can be used with any enzyme that catalyzes synthesis (whether or not it uses nucleoside triphosphates), whereas 'synthetase' is to be used synonymously with 'ligase'.																																														
Born in Cusco, Peru, Ochoa received degrees from the Universidad Mayor de San Simón, Cochabamba, Bolivia and from the University of Minnesota, USA.																																														
All but three or four of the "eyes" (sprouting parts) of the potato are removed, leaving the strongest growths only.																																														
The International Potato Center, based in Lima, Peru, holds 4,870 types of potato germplasm, most of which are traditional landrace cultivars.																																														
The Calabria pine vole (Microtus brachycercus) is a vole found in southern and central Italy initially described by Lehmann as a subspecies of M. savii.																																														
ATP synthase Citrate synthase Tryptophan synthase Pseudouridine synthase Fatty acid synthase Cellulose synthase (UDP-forming) Cellulose synthase (GDP-forming)   =																																														
Although often quoted as an "Irish potato" (where it was introduced in 1917), the cultivar was actually created by J. Henry of Cornhill, Scotland, in 1907.																																														
Under the original definition, synthases do not use energy from nucleoside triphosphates (such as ATP, GTP, CTP, TTP, and UTP), whereas synthetases do use nucleoside triphosphates.																																														
A resistance to the Columbia root-knot nematode Meloidogyne chitwoodi has been identified in S. bulbocastanum, which can be transferred to cultivated potato.																																														
In the north of Italy, in particular, in the Friuli region of the northeast, potatoes serve to make a type of pasta called gnocchi.																																														
The body temperature, and therefore activity level, of this scorpionfly depends on its absorption of short-wave and long-wave radiation rather than surrounding air temperatures (by which it is completely unaffected).																																														
Halysidota anapheoides Rothschild, 1909 Halysidota grandis (Rothschild, 1909) Halysidota humosa (Dognin, 1893) Halysidota melaleuca (Felder, 1874) Halysidota mexiconis Strand, 1919 Halysidota triphylia (Druce, 1896)   =																																														
They are carefully given a ball; when they try to jump away (which is not possible because of the harness), they shoot the ball instead.																																														
Papilio gigon gigon (Sulawesi) Papilio gigon mangolinus Fruhstorfer, 1899 (Sula Islands) Papilio gigon neriotes Rothschild, 1908 (Talaud, Sangir)   =																																														
Perch have long and narrow kidneys that contain clusters of nephrons which empty into the mesonephric duct.																																														
The genus has its greatest diversity in the Australian tropics, extending weakly east to New Caledonia, Fiji and Samoa and west to the Himalaya.																																														
Viviennea ardesiaca Rothschild, 1909 Viviennea dolens H. Druce, 1904 Viviennea euricosilvai Travassos & Travassos, 1954 Viviennea flavicincta Herrich-Schäffer, 1855 Viviennea griseonitens Rothschild, 1909 Viviennea gyrata Schaus, 1920 Viviennea moma Schaus, 1905 Viviennea momyra Gaede, 1928 Viviennea salma H. Druce, 1896 Viviennea superba H. Druce, 1883 Viviennea tegyra H. Druce, 1896 Viviennea zonana Schaus, 1905   =																																														
Parasites of terrestrial and aquatic vertebrates Copepods as obligatory secondary hostsThey are sometimes included in the Spirurida as a suborder  Camallanina.																																														
Neopolyptychus ancylus (Rothschild & Jordan, 1916) Neopolyptychus centralis Basquin & Pierre, 2005 Neopolyptychus choveti Pierre, 2004 Neopolyptychus compar (Rothschild & Jordan 1903) Neopolyptychus consimilis (Rothschild & Jordan 1903) Neopolyptychus convexus (Rothschild & Jordan 1903) Neopolyptychus prionites (Rothschild & Jordan 1916) Neopolyptychus pygarga (Karsch 1891) Neopolyptychus serrator (Jordan 1929) Neopolyptychus spurrelli (Rothschild & Jordan, 1912)   =																																														
Subfamily Craneopsyllinae Wagner, 1939 Tribe Barreropsyllini Jordan, 1953 Genus Barreropsylla Jordan, 1953 Tribe Craneopsyllini Wagner, 1939 Genus Cleopsylla Rothschild, 1914 Genus Craneopsylla Rothschild, 1911 Genus Nonnapsylla Wagner, 1938 Genus Plocopsylla Jordan, 1931 Genus Sphinctopsylla Jordan, 1931 Genus Tiarapsylla Wagner, 1937 Subfamily Stephanocircinae Wagner, 1928 Genus Coronapsylla Traub et Dunnet, 1973 Genus Stephanocircus Skuse, 1893   =																																														
Phylloxiphia bicolor (Rothschild, 1894) Phylloxiphia formosa Schultze, 1914 Phylloxiphia goodii (Holland, 1889) Phylloxiphia illustris (Rothschild & Jordan, 1906) Phylloxiphia karschi (Rothschild & Jordan, 1903) Phylloxiphia metria (Jordan, 1920) Phylloxiphia oberthueri Rothschild & Jordan, 1903 Phylloxiphia oweni (Carcasson, 1968) Phylloxiphia punctum (Rothschild, 1907) Phylloxiphia vicina (Rothschild & Jordan, 1915)   =																																														
In June 2008, EcoEléctrica started the environmental impact assessment of the LNG terminal modification project, including construction and operation of natural gas pipeline facilities.																																														
After 1962 it came under the control of the British Railways Board; then British Railways (later British Rail), and the network was reduced to less than half of its original size by the infamous Beeching cuts of the 1960s when many unprofitable branch lines were closed.																																														
Among the top 50 busiest airports in the world by passenger numbers in 2021, Antalya saw the highest growth in passenger numbers at 125.																																														
From Monmouth Junction the line would continue southeast to Jamesburg, Monroe, Englishtown, Manalapan, Freehold Borough, Freehold Township, Howell and Farmingdale.																																														
This Station only serve economy class passenger train to east side of Bandung, as well as several intercity train that crossing this station from Jakarta, and several commuter train servicing destinations in greater Bandung.																																														
Netra (Norddeutsche Erdgas Transversale) is a 408 kilometres (254 mi) long natural gas pipeline system in Germany, which runs from the Dornum natural gas receiving facilitiy at the coast of North Sea to Salzwedel in eastern Germany, where it is connected with the JAGAL pipeline.																																														
The Kansai Railway was nationalized on October 1, 1907, becoming part of the Imperial Government Railways (IGR), which became Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II.																																														
A network of regional and long-distance rail passenger services until the mid-twentieth century has largely been replaced by air or bus services.																																														
Initially Babcock & Brown held a 51% shareholding, the remaining 49% being held by minority shareholders with Babcock & Brown having an option to increase its holding.																																														
By 2008 the company's stage-carriage work had passed to First South Yorkshire and the remaining operations were integrated into the main BrightBus depot at North Anston.																																														
The station is located on the Dovre Line at the point where the Stavne–Leangen Line branches off from the Dovre Line.																																														
Aqua vitae, archaic name for a concentrated aqueous solution of ethanol, distilled spirits Arbor vitae (disambiguation), "tree of life" De Brevitate Vitae, work of Roman philosopher Seneca Curriculum vitae or CV, summary of education and job experience, résumé Deus Vitae, manga series created by Takuya Fujima Evangelium Vitae, encyclical by Pope John Paul II Humanae vitae, encyclical by Pope Paul VI Liber Vitae, medieval confraternity book Lignum vitae, species of plant in the creosote bush family Magistra vitae, Latin expression from Cicero's De Oratore, "history is life's teacher" Non scholae, sed vitae discimus, Latin phrase, "We do not learn for the school, but for life".																																														
Interatomic potential Coulomb potential Buckingham potential Lennard-Jones potential Morse potential Morse/Long-range potential Rosen–Morse potential Trigonometric Rosen–Morse potential Stockmayer potential Pöschl–Teller potential Axilrod–Teller potential Mie potential   =																																														
USAJobs (styled USAJOBS) is the United States Government's website for listing civil service job opportunities with federal agencies.																																														
It prints quality job postings, especially in the banking and finance, engineering, information technology, merchandising and sales sectors.																																														
In November 2010, she was awarded the prize for "Best Arab Female Artist" in the Jordan Music Awards and the Big Apple Music Award for "Best Female Artist" in the Middle East a few days later.																																														
The English plural of curriculum vitae is however almost always curricula vitae as in Latin, and this is the only form recorded in the Merriam-Webster, American Heritage, and Oxford English dictionaries, for example.																																														
Cyberespionage and attacks on critical infrastructure-related companies may be other reasons for such attacks and other than ransomware attacks may leave employees in the dark about their computer or network infection.																																														
Ramzan Iznaurovich Tsutsulayev (Russian: Рамзан Изнаурович Цуцулаев; born 27 May 1972) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player.																																														
These sites are normally free to join, but the agency will take between 10% and 25% of applicants' earnings.																																														
He made his Russian Football National League debut for FC Baikal Irkutsk on 11 July 2015 in a game against FC Arsenal Tula.																																														
In general, Male Pčelice is bordered by the Korićani and Drača to the west, Veliko Polje to the south and Stanovo to the east.																																														
Only the adult pair breed, while the other members of the pack are subordinate, and help with rearing and guarding any pups.																																														
Orange morph lizards have a larger size and bite force so they can ward off competing males in order to mate with a female of choice and claim territory  In this species of lizards, the females prefer the orange males since the orange males are bigger and healthier and can give a female's offspring high quality indirect benefits.																																														
This species is  common in most of Europe and it is present in North Africa and in the Near East (Turkey, Caucasus, Transcaucasia, Iran).																																														
In 2005, Colin Groves divided the genus Murexia into two monotypic genera, Murexia for the short-furred dasyure and Paramurexia for the broad-striped dasyure, based on cladistic analyses.																																														
In the summer, the Apennine chamois prefers rock faces and pasture lands at heights above 1700 meters for its habitat, and in the winter it prefers to retreat to the woods below.																																														
The roe deer is a relatively small deer, with a body length of 95–135 cm (3 ft 1 in – 4 ft 5 in) throughout its range, and a shoulder height of 63–67 cm (2 ft 1 in – 2 ft 2 in), and a weight of 15–35 kg (35–75 lb).																																														
They are found in the Transvaal (South Africa), the Caprivi Strip (Namibia), Botswana, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, Zambia, Malawi and Tanzania to Lake Victoria.																																														
The topi has a long but patchy distribution in Southern, East and West Africa it prefers certain grasslands in arid and savanna biomes.																																														
Large muscles in the long muzzle suggest T. brumpti ate tough vegetation, and was capable of breaking and eating large nuts.																																														
He also appeared in two films, Iron Ridge (2008) and Pretty Ugly People (2008), as well as in commercials and in live educational shows across America.																																														
Wang Jinghong  (Chinese: 王景弘; pinyin: Wáng Jǐnghóng; Wade–Giles: Wang Ching-hung; died c. 1434) was a Ming dynasty Chinese mariner, explorer, diplomat and fleet admiral, who was deputy to Zheng He on his treasure voyages to Southeast Asia, South Asia, and East Africa, from 1405 to 1433.																																														
Originally bearing the name 3rd Kreuzköpfe, the first ascendant, E.J. Häberlin from Frankfurt am Main suggested to rename it after Franz Senn, who had made many first ascents in the Ötztal Alps in the 1860s, including the neighboring Fineilspitze and Kreuzspitze, and the Fluchtkogel, Mutmalspitze, Firmisanschneide, Spiegelkogel, and Weißseespitze.																																														
He conceived of the postal order in 1874 though it was 1 January 1881 before the first "post office notes" finally went on sale.																																														
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities (as of 2020): Rennes Métropole CA Fougères Agglomération Communauté d'agglomération du Pays de Saint-Malo CA Redon Agglomération (partly) CA Vitré Communauté CC Bretagne Porte de Loire Communauté Communauté de communes Bretagne Romantique Communauté de communes de Brocéliande Communauté de communes Côte d'Émeraude (partly) Communauté de communes Couesnon Marches de Bretagne CC Liffré-Cormier Communauté CC Montfort Communauté Communauté de communes du Pays de Châteaugiron Communauté de communes du Pays de Dol et de la Baie du Mont Saint-Michel CC Roche aux Fées Communauté Communauté de communes de Saint-Méen Montauban Communauté de communes du Val d'Ille-Aubigné CC Vallons de Haute-Bretagne Communauté   =																																														
His frugality of life served as a powerful contrast to the contemporary custom of riotous banqueting after the example of the Danish monarchs.																																														
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities (as of 2020): Communauté urbaine Creusot Montceau Communauté d'agglomération Beaune, Côte et Sud (partly) Communauté d'agglomération Le Grand Chalon Communauté d'agglomération Mâconnais Beaujolais Agglomération (partly) Communauté de communes Bresse Louhannaise Intercom' Communauté de communes Bresse Nord Intercom' Communauté de communes Bresse Revermont 71 Communauté de communes du Canton de Semur-en-Brionnais Communauté de communes La Clayette Chauffailles en Brionnais Communauté de communes du Clunisois Communauté de communes Entre Arroux, Loire et Somme Communauté de communes Entre Saône et Grosne Communauté de communes du Grand Autunois Morvan Communauté de communes Le Grand Charolais (partly) Communauté de communes Mâconnais-Tournugeois Communauté de communes de Marcigny Communauté de communes Saint-Cyr Mère Boitier entre Charolais et Mâconnais Communauté de communes Saône Doubs Bresse Communauté de communes Sud Côte Chalonnaise Communauté de communes Terres de Bresse   =																																														
On account of the sanctity of his life he was elected bishop of Couserans, and also administered the diocese of Tarbes during its vacancy from 506 to 541.																																														
Six of the paintings are accompanied by text, which all begin with the phrase "There is yet another hell", following a description of what the sinners depicted did to end up in this particular hell.																																														
An elegy for an unnamed "son of Roger the Frank, lord of Sicily" by the Sicilian poet Abū l-Ḍawʾ was likely about Tancred, since the son in question was a young man who had only just begun his martial career.																																														
Druce, 1890) Mexico Toxonprucha clientis (Grote, 1882) Arizona Toxonprucha crudelis (Grote, 1882) Arizona – cruel toxonprucha moth Toxonprucha diffundes (Walker, 1858) Antilles, Mexico, Honduras, Venezuela, Brazil Toxonprucha scitior (Walker, 1865) Honduras, Guatemala, Mexico, southern Texas Toxonprucha excavata (Walker, 1865) Dominican Republic Toxonprucha lacerta (Druce, 1890) Mexico Toxonprucha pardalis (J.																																														
The story begins with the prodigal son returning home, not repentant, but hungry, poor, and frustrated at having failed to achieve his goal.																																														
The 3rd Troop of Horse Guards was formed in 1658 as the 2nd, or The Duke of York's Troop of Horse Guards from followers of Charles II in exile in Holland.																																														
He won the 1999 Breeders' Cup Filly & Mare Turf with Soaring Softly and would be named that year's American Champion Female Turf Horse.																																														
At age nineteen in April 1960 he got his first win as a trainer, making him the youngest to ever win a Thoroughbred horse race in State of New York.																																														
There have been three baronetcies created for persons with the surname Younger, all in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.																																														
David Erskine, 9th Earl of Buchan 1713 – 1715 incomplete before 1794 James Graham, 3rd Duke of Montrose 17 March 1794 – 30 December 1836 George Abercromby, 2nd Baron Abercromby 19 January 1837 – 15 February 1843 James Graham, 4th Duke of Montrose 27 February 1843 – 30 December 1874 Charles Murray, 7th Earl of Dunmore 16 February 1875 – 1885 Douglas Graham, 5th Duke of Montrose 18 July 1885 – 10 December 1925 George Younger, 1st Viscount Younger of Leckie 14 January 1926 – 29 April 1929 William Laurence Pullar 15 November 1929 – 1936 Sir George Stirling, 9th Baronet 29 October 1936 – 1 May 1949 Sir Ian Bolton, 2nd Baronet 8 July 1949 – 1964 Edward Younger, 3rd Viscount Younger of Leckie 24 February 1964 – 1975 Younger of Leckie became Lord Lieutenant of Stirling and Falkirk   =																																														
Sir William Younger, 1st Baronet (1862–1937) Sir William Robert Younger, 2nd Baronet (1888–1973) Sir John William Younger, 3rd Baronet (1920–2002) Sir Julian William Richard Younger, 4th Baronet (1950–2019) Sir Andrew William Younger Thieriot, 5th Baronet (born 1986)There is no heir.																																														
Willem, Earl of Albemarle —Keppel's or Earl of Albemarle's Horse Guards 1745-1746 F.M. James, Baron Tyrawley —O'Hara's or Lord Tyrawley's Horse Guards   =																																														
An adult male horse, if left intact, is called either a "stallion" if used for breeding, or a horse (sometimes full horse); if castrated, it is called a gelding.																																														
He has published several books on fungi as well as a monograph on Australian Hygrophoraceae, resulting from his research on Hygrocybe and related genera.																																														
The Younger Baronetcy, of Leckie, was created in 1911 for George Younger, MP and member of the brewing family, later to become Viscount Younger of Leckie The Younger Baronetcy, of Fountainbridge, Edinburgh, was one of the last baronetcies created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom, established in 1964.																																														
In the British House of Commons, public bill committees (known as standing committees before 2006) consider Bills – proposed Acts of Parliament.																																														
The Ministry of Economy and Finance ((in French) Ministère de l’Economie et des Finances) is the government ministry responsible for governing and managing the economy and the financial activity of Benin.																																														
The 1955 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the 1955 Big Ten Conference football season.																																														
That new piece of GST legislation mirrors similar rules governing the supply of digital services introduced in the European Union (EU) in January 2015 on the taxation of digital goods.																																														
States of Jersey Customs and Immigration Service, formed from the amalgamation of the Customs & Excise Department (formerly known as the Bureau des Impôts) and the Immigration and Nationality Department holds one of the oldest government posts in Jersey.																																														
As of 2021, Shanghai Business School ranked 4th in Shanghai after Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Shanghai University of International Business and Economics, and Shanghai Lixin University of Accounting and Finance and 39th nationwide among universities specialized in finance, business, and economics in the recent edition of the recognized Best Chinese Universities Ranking.																																														
The change of name in 2001 was largely a response to the Howard Government's implementation of the Goods and Services Tax.																																														
Chen Duxiu Cai Hesen (蔡和森) Li Dazhao Tan Pingshan (谭平山) Wang Hebo (王荷波) Mao Zedong Zhu Shaolian (朱少连) Xiang Ying Luo Zhanglong (罗章龙)   =																																														
Housing Development Finance Corporation Bank of Sri Lanka (HDFC) National Savings Bank Regional Development Bank (Pradheshiya Sanwardhana Bank) Sanasa Development Bank Sri Lanka Savings Bank State Mortgage and Investment BankSource: Central Bank, September 2020   =																																														
The Senate Finance Subcommittee on Social Security, Pensions, and Family Policy is one of the six subcommittees within the Senate Committee on Finance, within the government of the United States.																																														
Fire Service Act was enacted in 1950 and amended in 1996 with inclusion of fire prevention and Fire Safety Rules.																																														
Much of both the interior and exterior is in red sandstone imported from India; domestic granite makes up pavement and floors.																																														
In 1863, Betnava became the summer residence of the  bishops of Maribor and Lavant, having already been leased by the see for several decades.																																														
Graves Street is a dead-end residential street that parallels Bridge Street (Massachusetts Route 9) off Market Street just northeast of downtown Northampton from which it is separate by a railroad right-of-way.																																														
It is known to have been used early in its history as a railhead warehouse for William Butler's tar works at nearby Crew's Hole, and later became part of St Vincent's Works.																																														
By the early 20th century it had been converted into boarding house, and was in significantly deteriorated condition when it was purchased by a local preservationist in 1938.																																														
Although similar in design to the West Block and the East Block, it was a more subdued modern Gothic Revival design.																																														
Decorative elements such as the wrought iron fence, ivy on the facade, and quoin-like brick projections on all corners add a picturesque quality to the building.																																														
The block was the tallest building in the central business district of Singapore, Raffles Place from 1954 till 1974, when it was overtaken by UOB Plaza Two.																																														
400 West Market's lighting is changed from the usual white to a combination of red and green from Thanksgiving Day until New Year's Day.																																														
Cigarette companies have worked hard to ensure smoking was accommodated in major airports, which are high-profile locations serving many people who are often bored or nervous.																																														
4 billion transaction the Epic Center, One and Two Brittany Place and 31 other buildings, were acquired by real estate investment firm Behringer Harvard, when it acquired IPC US REIT.																																														
NGC 6565, also known as ESO 456-70, is a planetary nebula 14,000 light-years away, formed when a star ejected its outer layers during the late stages of its evolution.																																														
He also identified the presence of a compact disk of gas near the center that appeared inclined relative to the stars and that appeared to rotate faster than the stars (the mass-to-light ratio run in the center of NGC 1316 resembles that of many other giant ellipticals).																																														
A conjunction of Jupiter and Mars happened to be taking place near the place where the supernova appeared, meaning that astronomers happened to be looking in its direction.																																														
The care he took not only to record his own observations but to compile the observations of other astronomers make De Stella Nova a very important record both of the supernova itself, and of the astronomy of the early 17th century.																																														
QSO J0842+1835 is a quasar used to measure the speed of gravity in VLBI experiment conducted by Edward Fomalont and Sergei Kopeikin in September 2002.																																														
NGC 1275 consists of two galaxies, a central type-cD galaxy in the Perseus Cluster, and a so-called "high velocity system" (HVS) which lies in front of it.																																														
Messier 103 has been rated by the Astronomical League as an easy object to find and the cluster is visible even with the use of binoculars.																																														
It has twice the mass of the Sun but, at the age of two and a half billion years, it has expanded to 10 times the Sun's radius.																																														
ASH also owns a number of smaller telescopes, including a 40mm Coronado PST hydrogen-alpha solar telescope, 6 and 8" Dobsonian reflectors, a 10" Cave Astrola Newtonian, and a 10" Meade Schmidt-Cassegrain catadioptric.																																														
The group is named after NGC 5866, the galaxy with the highest apparent magnitude in the group, although some galaxy group catalogs list NGC 5907 as the brightest member.																																														
In 2016, the International Astronomical Union organized a Working Group on Star Names (WGSN) to catalog and standardize proper names for stars.																																														
May 23 – Sir Hugh Casson, British architect, interior designer, artist, influential writer and broadcaster (died 1999) June 26 – Maciej Nowicki, Polish architect, chief architect of the new Indian city of Chandigarh (died 1950) July 2 – Richard Sheppard, English architect specializing in educational buildings (died 1982) August 7 – Lucien Hervé, Hungarian-born architectural photographer (died 2007) August 12 – Eliot Noyes, American architect and industrial designer (died 1977) August 20 – Eero Saarinen, Finnish American architect and industrial designer (died 1961), son of Eliel Saarinen   =																																														
February 15 – Banister Fletcher, English architect and architectural historian (died 1953) February 23 – Joseph Miller Huston, American architect working in Pennsylvania (died 1940) June 14 – Henry Sproatt, Canadian architect (died 1934) July 14 – Ragnar Östberg, Swedish architect (died 1945) July 29 – Jens Zetlitz Monrad Kielland, Norwegian architect (died 1926) August 1 – Claude Fayette Bragdon, American architect (died 1946) November 28 – Henry Bacon, American Beaux-Arts architect (died 1924)   =																																														
John Wellborn Root Jr. (July 14, 1887 – October 24, 1963) was a significant United States architect based in Chicago.																																														
Fast-track building construction is construction industry jargon for a project delivery strategy to start construction before the design is complete.																																														
However, design may include the use of photos, collages, prints, linocuts, 3D scanning technology and other media in design production.																																														
It is also quite usual for the final building to differ in some respects to that which received full plans approval, in which case amended "as built" plans are often required to be submitted to the Local Authority.																																														
Toxic Substances Portal - Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons A resource summarizing many toxicological aspects of benzanthracene and other polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.																																														
The Local Authority will assess, and verify by means of site visits, plans and information submitted, identify non-compliant items, open up and inspect works, monitor the making good of defective work and, if satisfied, issue a Certificate.																																														
Antonio Citterio (born 1950, in Meda) is an Italian architect, furniture designer and industrial designer who lives and works in Milan.																																														
Royal chapel (Église du Dôme) at Les Invalides, Paris, designed by Jules Hardouin Mansart Bonnington Pavilion, New Lanark, Scotland Newington Green Unitarian Church, London Taku Seibyō, Japan Taschenbergpalais, Dresden, Germany Tellicherry Fort, Kerala, India Wilbury House in Wiltshire, designed by William Benson   =																																														
Statutory holdback or contract holdback is the legal requirement found in most common law jurisdictions' contract law that requires an owner engaging a contractor to hold a particular percentage of payment for a stipulated length of time.																																														
The Caribbean has one major regional stock exchange: the Eastern Caribbean Securities Exchange (ECSE), which serves Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica, Grenada, Montserrat, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.																																														
The closed-household economy contrasts with a barter economy, in which goods are bartered (traded against each other), and a monetary economy, in which goods are traded for money.																																														
The purpose of PaperBackSwap is to use the Internet to facilitate the parity trading of books among members in the United States using a credit based system for swapping.																																														
The columns used in the lists below include the following information:  Region: The official Regional Internet registry (RIR) regions.																																														
The World Federation of Exchanges (WFE), formerly the Federation Internationale des Bourses de Valeurs (FIBV), or International Federation of Stock Exchanges, is the trade association of publicly regulated stock, futures, and options exchanges, as well as central counterparties (CCPs).																																														
On 17 August 2000, the Magadh Stock Exchange  became the only regional stock exchange in the country to trade on the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE), the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), Calcutta Stock Exchange (CSE) and the Interconnected Stock Exchange (ISE) when the exchange finally got connected to the NSE through ISE.																																														
Earlier, the SEBI had allowed various stock exchanges including OTC Exchange of India, Cochin Stock Exchange, Ludhiana Stock Exchange, Gauhati Stock Exchange, Bhubaneswar Stock Exchange, Hyderabad Stock Exchange, Coimbatore Stock Exchange, Inter-connected Stock Exchange of India and Bangalore Stock Exchange to exit from the bourse business.																																														
Guillermo Meneses (Caracas, 15 December 1911 - Porlamar, Nueva Esparta, 29 December 1978) was a Venezuelan writer, playwright, and journalist.																																														
A shares (Chinese: A股), also known as domestic shares (Chinese: 内资股) are shares that are denominated in Renminbi and traded in the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges, as well as the National Equities Exchange and Quotations.																																														
In January 2010, stockholders in NEX approved a merger with the Montenegro Stock Exchange, initially expected to take place within two to three months.																																														
654 the Stock exchange “Saint-Petersburg” became one of the four stock exchanges, authorized to organize trades of JSC "Gazprom" shares.																																														
He is known for being a founding member of the stoner rock band Sleep and for leaving a burgeoning career in music to become a monk in an Eastern Orthodox monastery.																																														
The LP showcased his talents as a songwriter and musician with the artist writing every song and playing every instrument on the studio album.																																														
Brian Manning of Punk Planet said it combined "Cali-style skate punk and screaming hardcore, with just a bit of metal edge thrown in".																																														
They were also nominated for a Brit Award for "Best British Single" at the 1998 Brit Awards, at which they also performed.																																														
From her marriage to Pepeu Gomes, she has three daughters (who also made up the Brazilian pop group, SNZ) and three sons, Pedro Baby, Krishna and Kriptus.																																														
As a result, D.O.A. announced an indefinite hiatus, and began their farewell tour on January 18, 2013 in celebration of the band's thirty-five year anniversary.																																														
The Reno Club, in downtown Kansas City, had a floor show, which included Page and vocalist Jimmy Rushing.																																														
Record label: Drive-Thru Records Produced, mixed, and engineered by Parker Case Co-produced by Home Grown Recorded and mixed at Tetty Nash Studios in Coto de Caza, California Mastered by Louie Teran at Marcussen Mastering in Hollywood, California Tracks 1, 3 & 5 written by John Tran Tracks 2, 4 & 6 written by Adam Lohrbach Design by Joshua M. Ortega   =																																														
In recent times, artists such as Nine Inch Nails and Radiohead, who once had major label record deals, have started to release their music independently.																																														
James Bodie Davis (June 6, 1916 – April 17, 2007) was an American gospel music singer and a founder of The Dixie Hummingbirds, one of the longest-lasting and most influential groups in gospel music.																																														
Matt Thorne, also known as Matt Thorr, is a bassist who has played in the glam metal band Ratt, Rough Cutt, and Jailhouse.																																														
Jurica Pavlic  Piotr Pawlicki Jr.  Przemyslaw Pawlicki  Bjarne Pedersen  Nicki Pedersen  Ronni Pedersen  Mick Poole  Kasts Poudzuks  Roman Povazhny  Piotr Protasiewicz  Pawel Przedpelski(back to index)   =																																														
The alternating group A5 is perfect but not superperfect: it has a non-trivial central extension, the binary icosahedral group (which is in fact its UCE) is superperfect.																																														
Melanoma with features of a Spitz nevus (also known as a "Spitzoid melanoma") is a cutaneous condition characterized histologically with tissue similar to a spitz nevus and with overall symmetry and a dermal nodule of epithelioid melanocytes that do not mature with progressively deeper dermal extension.																																														
The upper three give off cutaneous nerves which pierce the aponeurosis of the Latissimus dorsi at the lateral border of the Sacrospinalis and descend across the posterior part of the iliac crest to the skin of the buttock, some of their twigs running as far as the level of the greater trochanter.																																														
The central feature of the human back is the vertebral column, specifically the length from the top of the thoracic vertebrae to the bottom of the lumbar vertebrae, which houses the spinal cord in its spinal canal, and which generally has some curvature that gives shape to the back.																																														
Arranger: Sy Oliver Clarinetist: Johnny Mince Composers: Gene Austin, Nat Shilkret, Frances Faye, Dan Howell, Don Raye, Jimmie Lunceford, Sy Oliver, Stephen Foster, Billy Moore, Sherman Myers, Chester Wallace, Irving Berlin, Gus Kahn, Neil Moret Drums: Buddy Rich Tenor Saxophonist: Don Lodice Trombone: Tommy Dorsey Trumpeter: Ziggy Elman   =																																														
In mathematics, in the field of group theory, a HN group or hypernormalizing group is a group with the property that the hypernormalizer of any subnormal subgroup is the whole group.																																														
strelzowi Genus Caryomys Ganzu vole, C. eva Kolan vole, C. inez Genus Eothenomys - voles from East Asia Kachin red-backed vole, E. cachinus Pratt's vole, E. chinensis Southwest China vole, E. custos Père David's vole, E. melanogaster Yunnan red-backed vole, E. miletus Chaotung vole, E. olitor Yulungshan vole, E. proditor Ward's red-backed vole, E. wardi Genus Hyperacrius - voles from Pakistan True's vole, H. fertilis Murree vole, H. wynnei Genus Myodes - red-backed voles Anderson's red-backed vole, M. andersoni Western red-backed vole, M. californicus Tien Shan red-backed vole, M. centralis Southern red-backed vole, M. gapperi Bank vole, M. glareolus Imaizumi's red-backed vole, M. imaizumii Korean red-backed vole, M. regulus Hokkaido red-backed vole, M. rex Grey red-backed vole, M. rufocanus Northern red-backed vole, M. rutilus Shansei vole, M. shanseius Smith's vole, M. smithii   =																																														
Mattia Carpanese  Armando Castagna  Krzysztof Cegielski  Tomasz Chrzanowski  Hans Clausen  Aleksander Conda  Craig Cook  Nicolas Covatti  Marvyn Cox  Jason Crump   Adrian Cyfer(back to index)   =																																														
Allianshallen has been used as an indoor arena since January 1999, in a building which was formerly owned by publisher Almqvist & Wiksell.																																														
Thus, unlike political ideologies such as socialism, Locke and other classical liberals believe that selfishness is engrained in human nature.																																														
Shizuoka University of Welfare (静岡福祉大学, Shizuoka Fukushi Daigaku) is a private university in Yaizu city, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan, established in 2004.																																														
This inherent right would allow individuals to pursue self-interests, rather than suffer the burdens of any altruistic obligations.																																														
It is the home arena of FBC Uppsala and of the women's team of IK Sirius IBK, while the men's team use Fyrishov as their home arena.																																														
January 5, 2009 – Chris Abbott, forward with Rögle BK, scored four goals in a single game against HV71, tying the current record.																																														
Currently these arenas are primarily used for indoor sports and/or other events i.e. music concerts, but can also receive association football or rugby matches in the winter, unlike the US and Canada domes, which are enclosed stadiums primarily used for outdoor sports.																																														
They fly between May and July where there is only one brood, but in the south they fly from March and September where there are two broods.																																														
Chasmina alcidamea Druce, 1890 Chasmina basiflava Holloway, 1979 Chasmina candida Walker, 1865 Chasmina coremata Holloway, 1989 Chasmina fasciculosa Walker, 1858 Chasmina gracilipalpis Warren, 1912 Chasmina judicata Walker, 1858 Chasmina lispodes Turner, 1936 Chasmina malagasy Viette, 1965 Chasmina mexicana Draudt, 1927 Chasmina nigropunctata Bethune-Baker, 1908 Chasmina pulchra Walker, [1858] Chasmina sundana Holloway, 1989 Chasmina tenuilinea Hampson, 1910 Chasmina tibialis (Fabricius, 1775) Chasmina tibiopunctata Bethune-Baker, 1908 Chasmina verticata Warren, 1913 Chasmina vestae (Guenée, 1852) Chasmina viridis Robinson, 1975 Chasmina zonata Walker, 1866   =																																														
Alejandro Walter González (born 5 August 1972) is a male professional racing cyclist from Argentina, who is nicknamed "El Ñoqui".																																														
It is found in the Baltic region, southern Finland, the Tatra Mountains, northern European Russia, Siberia, the Korean Peninsula and Japan.																																														
The larvae mainly feed on Populus species (including P. tremula and P. nigra) and Salix species (including S. caprea, S. cinerea and S. phylicifolia).																																														
Beccaloni, G.; Scoble, M.; Kitching, I.; Simonsen, T.; Robinson, G.; Pitkin, B.; Hine, A.; Lyal, C., eds.																																														
It contains the species Parapodia sinaica, described by Georg Ritter von Frauenfeld in 1859, which is found in Arabia, the Sinai desert, Palestine and southern France.																																														
Cyrestis camillus camillus (Sierra Leone to Cameroon, Zaire, Angola, western Kenya, Ethiopia) Cyrestis camillus elegans Boisduval, 1833 (Madagascar) Cyrestis camillus sublineata Lathy, 1901 (Zimbabwe, Mozambique to Malawi, Zambia, Tanzania, eastern Kenya, South Africa)   =																																														
Adults are on wing from April to September in two to three generations The larvae feed on Aethionema saxatile and Aethionema orbiculatum.																																														
The pupa is elongate, without a cocoon, and rests (fully exposed) on the vegetation attached to a silk pad by hooks at the rear end.																																														
It is found from the coasts of the Mediterranean Sea through Anatolia  to the Himalaya and south in the whole of Africa.																																														
Although they were not yet ready for it, this transformed the apparel industry by allowing manufacturers, stores, and end-users access to customized versions of the mass-produced garments and goods they had been buying throughout their lives, with no margin of error.																																														
It was most popular in Europe in the 17th century, and probably travelled from India, as there are some earlier findings there.																																														
Golden Hours was an American  juvenile magazine published by Norman Munro in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.																																														
Gathering is a sewing technique for shortening the length of a strip of fabric so that the longer piece can be attached to a shorter piece.																																														
Thérèse de Dilmont, Encyclopedia of Needlework, Project Gutenberg, retrieved 2015-06-05 The Reader's Digest Association, Complete Guide to Embroidery Stitches, Pleasantville, New York: Marabout, 2004.																																														
The traditional form of Kantha embroidery was done with soft dhotis and saris, with a simple running stitch along the edges.																																														
Standard hand smocking stitches are:  A. Cable stitch: a tight stitch of double rows that joins alternating columns of gathers.B. Stem stitch: a tight stitch with minimum flexibility that joins two columns of gathers at a time in single overlapping rows with a downward slope.C. Outline stitch: similar to the stem stitch but with an upward slope.D. Cable flowerette: a set of gathers worked in three rows of stitches across four columns of gathers.																																														
In the second half of the eighteenth and the early nineteenth century, tambouring was a fashionable pastime for ladies of the French and English courts.																																														
ISBN 0-89577-059-8 Lemon, Jane, Metal Thread Embroidery, Sterling, 2004, ISBN 0-7134-8926-X Levey, S. M. and D. King, The Victoria and Albert Museum's Textile Collection Vol.																																														
Hand hemstitching can be imitated by a hemstitching machine which has a piercer that pierces holes into the fabric and two separate needles that sew the hole open.																																														
S1, K1, PSSO ("slip one, knit one, pass slipped stitch over") – This results in a similar look to the SSK but can appear less tidy.																																														
The cool air would blow through a vent at a  right angle on the main unit into the passenger compartment.																																														
Japanese aircraft engine identification systems List of aircraft engines List of Aircraft engines used by Japanese Navy Air Service   =																																														
Depending on this mineral content and the evaporation rate, regular cleaning and maintenance is required to ensure optimal performance.																																														
This is because the matter has more internal energy as a liquid or gas than in the state that it is cooling to.																																														
Further enhancements using the accumulated error signal (integral) and the rate at which the error is changing (derivative) are used to form more complex PID Controllers, which is the form usually seen in industrial settings.																																														
However, variations such as CAV with reheat, CAV multizone, and CAV primary-secondary systems can serve multiple zones and larger buildings.																																														
(This is a combination of Joule-Thompson cooling and work done by the expanding gas, both at the expense of the internal energy of the gas) The cold, low pressure liquid refrigerant will now absorb heat from the evaporator's surroundings and vaporize.																																														
While heating the inlet air provides a benefit by improving homogeneity of the inlet air and fuel, it has the disadvantage of reducing air density, which reduces the volumetric efficiency of the engine.																																														
Another third is to ground-contact, and the remainder is to heat losses and gains through windows, walls, and other thermal loads.																																														
However, electrical energy consumed is often higher than what a production-line generator (e.g. alternator) of the engine can supply.																																														
Vents near the base of the chimney allow cold surface air to be pulled up through the chimney, creating a suction effect that draws warmer air down to surface level.																																														
Tadashi Kaneko (兼子 正, Kaneko Tadashi) (25 February 1912 – 14 November 1942) was an officer, ace fighter pilot, and leader in the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) during the Second Sino-Japanese War and the Pacific War.																																														
In March 2007 the Indonesian transport ministry, under huge political pressure to improve air safety in Indonesia, warned it would close seven airlines unless they improved training and maintenance within the following three months.																																														
Due to the Strategic Defence Review of 1998, it was decided to withdraw two RAF squadrons, one of which was No.																																														
were captured four defective aircraft Ikarus ŠM, serial numbers 7, 23, 26, 57, and about their fate is not known anything assumed to have been destroyed.																																														
The cabin doors have a poorly designed closing system, resulting in many doors shattering due to inadvertent opening in the air.																																														
The output from these antennas was rapidly switched back and forth on the display, producing two blips for any given target, with the length of the blip indicating the strength of the signal in that direction.																																														
Targets included a chemical plant in Ludwigshafen, an aircraft assembly plant in Braunschweig, ball bearing plants at Schweinfurt and Leipzig, synthetic oil refineries at Merseburg and Gelsenkirchen, marshalling yards at Hamm and Reims and airfields in le Mesnil-au-Val and Berlin.																																														
Compared to its predecessor, the B.I, the B.II had a more powerful engine and revised nose design that faired the powerplant in more neatly, and a single "rhino horn" collector stack for the exhaust.																																														
He launched from Enterprise on December 7, 1941 in an unsuccessful attempt to locate the Japanese fleet following the attack on Pearl Harbor.																																														
644 Pièces caractéristiques for cello solo (published 1895)Pedigogical works for cello3 Études en double cordes (3 Etudes in Double-Stopping), Op.																																														
Pennfield High School is the lone public high school of the Pennfield School District which serves Pennfield Township just north of Battle Creek in Calhoun County, Michigan.																																														
After the death of her husband, she devoted herself to relieving the wants of the distressed and the education of her children, Ammonius and Heliodorus.																																														
He was chancellor of the King Magnus Eriksson in 1340 and continued to support him during the civil wars in the 1360s.																																														
Free scores by Charles Mayer (composer) at the International Music Score Library Project (IMSLP) Charles Mayer "Le regret" Valse-Etude mélancolique op.																																														
Caprice brillant sur l'ode-symphonie de Félicien David [Capricce brillante sur la Marche de la Caravane et la Rêverie du 'Désert' de Félicien David] Op.																																														
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Kurli village is as follows: Total Population: 	3,412 in 866 Households Male Population: 	1,717 and Female Population: 	1,695 Children Under 6-years of age: 421 (Boys - 	208 and Girls - 213) Total Literates: 	1,438   =																																									
In 1948, the GSP became a full member of WAGGGS during the 12th World Conference held at Cooperstown, New York.																																														
Stanev has been praised for his brilliant playing style and ability to express the nature of Romantic musical works.																																														
The idea for consolidation was discussed for years, and protests and votes held the process back.																																														
French miniaturist, he made exhibitions of his paintings in the Salon de Paris from 1802 to 1833, one of this portraits the one of the famous actress Émilie Leverd.																																														
Based on a comprehensive review of references in Herodotus, Geus  concludes that "Herodotus has a very well-defined notion of what distance a traveller can cover under normal circumstances in a day (between 150 and 200 stades or roughly, between 27 and 40 kilometres)," though he cites some exceptional examples of over 100 km per day.																																														
Famous Points: Barrian (Karlal's House Barian), Bagh, Balyasar, Garlani, Jalsiyan, Hellan, Mohari, Charrat, Katha, Nalla, Kanat, Graan, kathi, Taroli, Upri Pandi.																																														
Also see the summary list of all named bodies in numerical and alphabetical order, and the corresponding naming citations for the number range of this particular list.																																														
Note that new namings may only be added to this list after official publication, as the preannouncement of names is condemned by the Working Group Small Body Nomenclature of the International Astronomical Union.																																														
The axial ratio is the ratio of the magnitudes of the major and minor axis defined by the electric field vector.																																														
For example, racing kayaks can exceed hull speed by more than 100% even though they do not plane.																																														
Axial ratio, for any structure or shape with two or more axes, is the ratio of the length (or magnitude) of those axes to each other - the longer axis divided by the shorter.																																														
The primary data for this and other partial lists is based on JPL's "Small-Body Orbital Elements" and "Data Available from the Minor Planet Center".																																														
If the context of inheritance rights, it will be the heirs of the deceased person who are attempting to dispute or establish paternity.																																														
Subject to any regulations restricting who can obtain donor sperm, donor sperm is available to all women who, for whatever reason, want or need it.																																														
This genus includes the two largest butterfly species in the world, the Queen Alexandra's birdwing and the Goliath birdwing.																																														
The last relevant original title deed(s) and a completed seller's property information form may document which side has to put up and has installed any fence respectively; the first using "T" marks/symbols (the side with the "T" denotes the owner); the latter by a ticked box to the best of the last owner's belief with no duty, as the conventionally agreed conveyancing process stresses, to make any detailed, protracted enquiry.																																														
Demarcation of a perimeter, when the protection of assets, personnel or buildings is required, is normally affected by the building of a perimeter fence system.																																														
The case has been viewed as a victory by advocates for the rights of sperm donors and the men's rights movement.																																														
In mammals, insemination normally occurs during sexual intercourse or copulation, but insemination can take place in other ways, such as by artificial insemination.																																														
Bishop Mathias Loras (1839) Father Lucien Galtier (1840–1844) Father Augustin Ravoux (1844–1857) Father Anatole Oster (1857–1859) Father J. Claude Robert (1859–1866) Father Claude Genis (1866–1868) Father Patrick F. Glennon (1868–1877) Father Joseph Anthime Payetite (1877–1878) Father C. Arthur Sicazrd De Carufel (1878–1881) Father William P. Murray (1881) Father Constantine L. Egan, O.P. (1881–1883) Father Louis Cornelis (1883–1886) Father Thomas F. Duane (1886–1891) Father John Gmeiner (1891–1894) Father Martin Mahoney (1894–1902) Monsignor Anatole Oster (1902–1907) Father Joseph Goiffon (1905–1908) Father Francis A. Serpaggi (1907–1908) Father Patrick J. O'Connor (1908–1913) Father Martin Mahoney (1913–1931) Father Stephen J. Cassidy (1918–1929) Father Thomas P. Ryan (1931) Father William J. Harrington (1931–1956) Father Harvey F. Egan (1957–1965) Father John V. Flaherty (1965–1969) Father James B. Namie (1969–1970) Father John T. Bauer (1970–1975) Father Peter Fleming (1970–1972) Father Raymond W. Marschall (1975–1977) Father Michael M. Arms (1977–1989) Father Kevin I. Clinton (1989–2005) Father Rick Banker (2005–2008) Father Joseph Gallatin (2008–2014) Father Steven Hoffman (2014–present)   =																																														
In many jurisdictions, however, there are a variety of rules and time restrictions that can deny inheritance rights to biological children of a deceased father.																																														
The weapons surrender agreement was part of a larger peace process between Papua New Guinea and Bougainville after Bougainville attempted to secede from Papua New Guinea.																																														
The Beipan River Guanxing Highway Bridge was the first suspension bridge to break the 1,000-foot (300 m) and 300-metre height thresholds (the Liuguanghe Bridge also passes these thresholds but is a beam bridge) as well as the first suspension bridge in the world to surpass the height of Colorado’s Royal Gorge Bridge after a 74-year reign.																																														
For a long time there has been a lottery next to the bridge, and many people in Vienna remember their old advertising slogan, Über die Hohe Brücke führt der Weg zum Glücke ("Across the High Bridge leads the path to luck").																																														
The Yugra Bridge (Russian: Югорский мост; or Surgut Bridge, Russian: Сургутский мост) is a cable-stayed bridge across the Ob River at Surgut, Russia.																																														
Additionally, four long metal staircases originally connected the viaduct and the lower level of 155th Street; these stairs had canopies covering their upper flights.																																														
It was originally built by the Canadian Pacific Railway over the full width of the river's flood channel and has eight spans.																																														
At the time of its opening, the Marion Street Bridge was the longest bridge of its type west of the Mississippi River.																																														
The Fountain Creek Bridge is the largest remaining stone arch bridge in the county and the second-largest which was only used by road traffic in the state.																																														
Just a few hundred meters east of Span 1, the powerline between Sogndal 61°13′6″N 7°1′20″E and Hove 61°04′12″N 6°35′43″E substations crosses Sognefjord with a 4520 meters long spanning East-West direction.																																														
The Széchenyi Chain Bridge, spanning the River Danube in Budapest, was also designed by William Tierney Clark and it is a larger scale version of Marlow bridge.																																														
The Tatara Bridge (多々羅大橋, Tatara Ōhashi) is a cable-stayed bridge that is part of the Nishiseto Expressway, commonly known as the Shimanami Kaidō しまなみ海道.																																														
According to its listing in the Mississippi Historic Bridge Survey in 1988, it is significant as the largest and "most impressive" concrete open-spandrel bridge in Mississippi (out of just two in the state).																																														
This show is about a young girl and her little brother playing and exploring the world around them.																																														
Early Edition (4 episodes, 1996–2000) The Ride (1997) Two Guys, a Girl and a Pizza Place (1 episode, 1998) Chicago Hope (1 episode, 1999) Bruised Orange (1999) Strong Medicine (1 episode, 2002) The Practice (1 episode, 2002) The Bernie Mac Show Police Officer (1 episode, 2002) The District (1 episode, 2003) Without a Trace (1 episode, 2003) Second Time Around (1 episode, 2004) ER (1 episode, 2004) Judging Amy (3 episodes, 2004) Mommy (2004) Leave No Trace (2004) JAG (2 episodes, 2004–2005) Brooklyn Lobster (2005) Blind Justice (1 episode, 2005) 24 (7 episodes, 2005–2006) The Closer (1 episode, 2007) One of Our Own (2007) Saving Grace (1 episode, 2009)   =																																														
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a children's reality show that originally aired on BBC One with Barney Harwood as host for the first series from 9 to 20 July 2007, it was moved to BBC Two with Ortis Deley as host for series two and three from 25 January to 20 December 2009.																																														
Some episodes were titled differently in the U.K. Where this is the case the U.K. title is listed underneath the U.S. title.																																														
This American Life is a weekly hour-long public radio program produced by Chicago Public Radio and hosted by Ira Glass.																																														
He graduated from the University of Southern California and is a native of Dallas, Texas, where he graduated from St. Mark's School of Texas.																																														
Trilby Beresford as Kathleen Campion (6 episodes) Susan Prior as Beth Chandler (15 episodes) Kate Sheil as Victoria Carlton (3 episodes) Jaime Mears as Kerry Lytton (19 episodes) Ben Tari as Jared Levine (1 episode) Liz Alexander as Dr. Alison Newell (7 episodes) Grant Bowler as Nigel 'Mac' Macpherson (6 episodes) Anne Tenney as Trish Turner (3 episodes) Troy Planet as Denis Pool (1 episode) Nicole da Silva as Sasha Fernandez (15 episodes) Wendy Strehlow as Lorraine Tanner (8 episodes) Douglas Hansell as Aaron Roth (7 episodes) Jacob Allan as Colin Fenely (3 episodes) Peter Phelps as Doug 'Spence' Spencer (6 episodes) Alexandra Fowler as Eve Ballantyne (1 episode) Augusto Suarez as Dave Forbes (1 episode)   =																																														
Thomas Vincent Kelly is an American film and television actor, best known for his work on 24 as Dr. Marc Besson.																																														
Producers:  Zev Braun - Executive Producer Bill L. Norton - Co-Executive Producer Ronald L. Schwary - Producer Rick Husky - Supervising Producer Steve Bello - Co-Producer Steven Phillip Smith - Co-ProducerWriters:  Steve Duncan (2 episodes) L. Travis Clark (2 episodes) Bill L. Norton (3 episodes) Steven Phillip Smith (4 episodes) Rick Husky (3 episodes) Steve Bello (2 episodes) Brad Radnitz (1 episode) J. David Wyles (2 episodes) Robert Burns Clark (3 episodes) David Hume Kennerly (1 episode) Dennis Foley (1 episode) Jim Beaver (1 episode) Bruce Reisman (2 episodes) Christian Darren (1 episode) Peter Lubliner (1 episode) Ronald L. Schwary (1 episode)Directors:  Bill L. Norton (7 episodes) Aaron Lipstadt (2 episodes) Jim Johnson (2 episodes) Reynaldo Villalobos (2 episodes) Randy Roberts (2 episodes) Stephen L. Posey (2 episodes) Ronald L. Schwary (1 episode) Charles Correll (1 episode) Bill Duke (1 episode) James L. Conway (1 episode) Robert Iscove (1 episode)   =																																														
On 30 March 2002, Episode 350 had to be shown on BBC Two, due to some schedule changes on BBC One resulting from the death of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother earlier that day.																																														
Danny Tamberelli succeeded her in the Vital Information sketch, and Tamberelli was given a new set and a new desk unlike that of Denberg's Vital Information.																																														
Ordinance on Federal Hunting Reserves  / Verordnung über die eidgenössischen Jagdbanngebiete (VEJ) / Ordonnance concernant les districts francs fédéraux (ODF)  of 1991-09-30, SR/RS 922.																																														
After the First World War, the pack began to hunt foxes only and renamed itself the Ashford Valley Foxhounds.																																														
Canes Venatici – Constellation in the northern celestial hemisphere, hunting dogs constellation Wolf hunting with dogs – Method of wolf hunting Working dog – Dog used for work Dogs portal Key Underwood Coon Dog Memorial Graveyard   =																																														
Some of the most common hunting methods that are used include: still hunting, stand hunting, calling, baiting, and hunting with dogs.																																														
Arawn, king of Annwn in some Welsh legends and associated with hunting, dogs and stags Cernunnos, a horned god associated with fertility and hunting Gwyn ap Nudd, another king of Annwn in Welsh Mythology, associated with the Wild Hunt Nodens, god associated with healing, the sea, hunting and dogs Vosegus, Gaulish god of hunting and forests; gives his name to the Vosges region   =																																														
The Pytchley country used to include areas of the Rockingham Forest but was split to form the Woodland Pytchley Hunt.																																														
Since 11 November 1966, Thomas Mar Timotheos became the diocesan head and later became Baselios Marthoma Didymus I,Catholicose of the East.																																														
Occupying  2,385 acres (965 ha) of river bottomland, the WMA is located along the Meadow River and consists mainly of wetlands habitat.																																														
FloridaAmerican Alligator hunters with the proper permit may kill and keep two non-hatchling alligators per day, per permit, and each must be longer than 18 inches (46 cm).																																														
The main effect of the Act was to put measures in place to prevent the poaching of deer and control the sale of venison.																																														
The word toolkit may refer to:  Abstract Window Toolkit Accessibility Toolkit Adventure Game Toolkit B-Toolkit Battlefield Mod Development Toolkit Cheminformatics toolkits Dojo Toolkit Fox toolkit Globus Toolkit GTK, the GIMP Toolkit Google Web Toolkit (GWT) Harmony (toolkit), an incomplete set of software widgets Helsinki Finite-State Technology (HFST) Insight Segmentation and Registration Toolkit IT Mill Toolkit Learnosity Toolkit Molecular Modelling Toolkit Multidimensional hierarchical toolkit Sun Java Wireless Toolkit OCR SDK, OCR Toolkit OpenGL Utility Toolkit (GLUT) Open Inventor 3D graphics API Qt Motif Natural Language Toolkit Portable, Extensible Toolkit for Scientific Computation Scedu Tender Readiness Toolkit Sprite Animation Toolkit Standard Widget Toolkit (SWT) Synthesis Toolkit Template Toolkit The Coroner's Toolkit, computer programs for digital forensic analysis User Interface Toolkit (UIM) X Toolkit Intrinsics   =																																														
Per pale Bleu Celeste and Sable on a Fess wavy between three Plum Trees eradicated Argent a Wolf courant per pale Sable and Bleu Celeste langued and armed Gules and "Party Bleu Celeste and Sable doubled Argent"Bleu celeste can also be seen in the arms of Israel and Peru and also in the arms of former Canadian Governor General Ray Hnatyshyn.																																														
, and also as a corrective for the yellowish tinge often present in things meant to be white, such as linen, paper, etc.																																														
Aniline Blue WS, also called aniline blue, diphenylamine blue, China blue, or Soluble blue, is a mixture of methyl blue and water blue.																																														
Wedgwood modernised production and reinvigorated Wedgwood designs by the employment of artists such as John Skeaping, Keith Murray, Arnold Machin and Eric Ravilious.																																														
Turquoise is a stone and color that is strongly associated with the domes and interiors of large mosques in Iran, Central Asia, and Russia.																																														
He wrote Butterflies of Formosa in Colour Osaka, Hoikusha (1960), Early Stages of Japanese Butterflies in  Colour Hoikusha (with Akira Hara, 1960) and Butterflies of Japan Illustrated in Colour Tokyo, Hokuryu-kan (1964) all of which took advantage of Japanese advanced (optical) and colour printing technologies.																																														
Heraclides or Heracleides (Greek: Ἡρακλείδης) was a Macedonian painter, who was at first merely a marine painter of sea and ships, but afterwards acquired some distinction as a painter in encaustic.																																														
MORALES Y MARÍN, José Luis, La pintura aragonesa en el siglo XVII (Aragonese Painting in the 17th Century), Zaragoza, Guara, 1980, p. 103-104.																																														
The Diosphos Painter was an Athenian Attic black-figure vase painter thought to have been active from 500–475 BCE, many of whose surviving works are on lekythoi.																																														
Julie London - vocals Willie Smith - alto saxophone Maynard Ferguson - trumpet Barney Kessel - guitar Shelly Manne - drums Russ Garcia - arranger, conductor   =																																														
Zvi Ruder (1999): The National Colors of the People of Israel: Tradition, Religion, Philosophy, and Politics Intertwined ISBN 965-293-059-8   =																																														
From that time on, Kurukkal women had hypergamous marriages with Nambudiri men and Kurukkal men struck similar relationships with women from the matrilineal Maran caste.																																														
Origins Tracing the origins of Devrukhe Brahmins, it leads to one of the oldest Marathi speaking Brahmins in Maharashtra - Deshastha Brahmin, residents of Desha i.e. over the Western Ghats.																																														
Popular visitor attractions on or close to the Stourport Ring include Cadbury World, The Black Country Living Museum, the Severn Valley Railway, Kinver Edge, the Birmingham Jewellery Quarter, Brindleyplace plus the Merry Hill, Bullring and Mailbox shopping centres.																																														
On the eve of my going to England, however, I got rid of the shikha, lest when I was bareheaded it should expose me to ridicule and make me look, as I then thought, a barbarian in the eyes of the Englishmen.																																														
The name can also be spelled as Sanadya Brahmin or Sanadh Brahmin, or Sanah Brahmin or Sanidya Brahmin or  Gour Sanadhya are a community of agrarian Brahmins.																																														
The Pareek are found in the state of Rajasthan in India and are mostly concentrated in the districts of Ajmer, Nagaur, Jodhpur, Bikaner, Sikar, Churu and Jaipur.																																														
They also live in Khammam district and West Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh and in a number of villages near Ahmedabad in Gujarat.																																														
The ring is formed from the River Severn, the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, the Stourbridge Canal, the Dudley Canals, the Birmingham Canal Navigations (Netherton Tunnel Branch Canal and Birmingham New Main Line) and the Worcester and Birmingham Canal.																																														
Jawala Sahai, a notable revenue officer of Maharaja Ranjit Singh and an official of Raja Gulab Singh at the Lahore Darbar belonged to a Nanda Khatri family.																																														
Tulu Brahmins or Tuluva Brahmins are the  inhabitants of Tulu Nadu, also considered a part of Parashurama Kshetra which extends to Kerala.																																														
The maxillary palps may, however, be present and these may be visible in mounted specimens but may be confused with the antennae.																																														
Recorded hosts include the marsh rice rat (Oryzomys palustris) in a saltmarsh at Cedar Key, Florida, where the crab Eurytium limosum is an intermediate host, and the sea otter (Enhydra lutris) in central California.																																														
Species that feed on birds usually have two claws at the tip of each tarsus, while those that feed on mammals usually have only one claw.																																														
The Cassiar Terrane is a 1,500 km (930 mi) long Cretaceous terrane located in the Northern Interior of British Columbia and southern Yukon.																																														
Although they are typically found attached to hair in the pubic area, sometimes they are also found on coarse hair elsewhere on the body (for example, eyebrows, eyelashes, beard, moustache, chest, armpits, etc.																																														
Troctomorpha contains the following subgroups: Infraorder: Amphientometae Family: Amphientomidae Enderlein, 1903 (tropical barklice) Family: Compsocidae Mockford, 1967 Family: Electrentomidae Enderlein, 1911 Family: Manicapsocidae Mockford, 1967 Family: Musapsocidae Mockford, 1967 Family: Protroctopsocidae Smithers, 1972 Family: Troctopsocidae Mockford, 1967 Infraorder: Nanopsocetae Family: Liposcelididae Broadhead, 1950 (booklice) Family: Pachytroctidae Enderlein, 1904 (thick barklice) Family: Sphaeropsocidae Menon, 1941 Parvorder: Phthiraptera Superfamily: Amblycera Family: Ancistronidae Family: Boopiidae Mjoberg, 1910 Family: Colpocephalidae Eichler, 1937 Family: Gliricolidae Family: Gyropidae Kellogg, 1896 Family: Laemobothriidae Mjoberg, 1910 Family: Menoponidae Mjoberg, 1910 (chicken body lice) Family: Pseudomenoponidae Mjoberg, 1910 Family: Ricinidae Neumann, 1890 Family: Somaphantidae Eichler, 1941 Family: Trimenoponidae Family: Trinotonidae Eichler, 1941 Superfamily: Anoplura Family: Echinophthiriidae Enderlein, 1904 (seal lice) Family: Enderleinellidae Ewing, 1929 Family: Haematopinidae Enderlein, 1904 (ungulate lice) Family: Hamophthiriidae Johnson, 1969 Family: Hoplopleuridae Ewing, 1929 (armoured lice) Family: Hybothiridae Ewing, 1929 Family: Linognathidae Webb, 1946 (pale lice) Family: Microthoraciidae Kim & Lugwig, 1978 Family: Neolinognathidae Fahrenholz, 1936 Family: Pecaroecidae Kéler, 1963 Family: Pedicinidae Enderlein, 1904 Family: Pediculidae Leach, 1817 (body lice, head lice) Family: Polyplacidae Fahrenholz, 1912 (spiny rat lice) Family: Pthiridae Ewing, 1929 (crab lice or pubic lice) Family: Ratemiidae Kim & Lugwig, 1978 Superfamily: Ischnocera (paraphyletic) Family: Bovicolidae Family: Dasyonygidae Family: Goniodidae Family: Heptapsogasteridae Family: Lipeuridae Family: Philopteridae Nitzsch, 1818 (paraphyletic) Family: Trichodectidae Family: Trichophilopteridae Superfamily: Rhyncophthirina Family: Haematomyzidae Enderlein, 1904   =																																														
The oldest record of the suborder is suggested to be Paramesopsocus adibi, known from the Late Jurassic Karabastau Formation of Kazakhstan.																																														
Psocomorpha contains 3 infraorders and 5 extant (living) families, as well as three identified extinct families:  Atropetae †Archaeatropidae Baz & Ortuño, 2000 †Empheriidae Baz & Ortuño, 2000 Lepidopsocidae Enderlein, 1903 (scaly-winged barklice) Psoquillidae Lienhard & Smithers, 2002 (bird nest barklice) Trogiidae Roesler, 1944 (granary booklice) Psyllipsocetae Psyllipsocidae Lienhard & Smithers, 2002 (cave barklice) Prionoglaridetae (paraphyletic) Prionoglarididae Azar, Huang & Nel, 2017 (large-winged psocids) Unplaced:  †Cormopsocidae Yoshizawa & Lienhard, 2020   =																																														
Although pediculosis in humans may properly refer to lice infestation of any part of the body, the term is sometimes used loosely to refer to pediculosis capitis, the infestation of the human head with the specific head louse.																																														
Although the status of the status of the parasite is unknown, it can be presumed to be also threatened with its extinction, as its host is.																																														
They have no wings, and their biting mouth parts distinguish them from true lice, which suck blood.																																														
The group's Assistant National Director for the UK, Denise Pfeiffer, said there was a real need for such a movement in the UK to curb what she sees as the ever-increasing rates of sexually transmitted infections and teenage pregnancies, both of which she claims are the highest in Western Europe.																																														
The first program encouraging individuals to sign a pledge encouraging abstinence from sexual intercourse until marriage is True Love Waits, started in 1993 by the Southern Baptist Convention, which now claims over 2.																																														
A born-again virgin (also known as a secondary), is a person who, after having engaged in sexual intercourse, makes some type of commitment not to be sexually active again until marriage (or some other defined point in the future, or indefinitely), whether for religious, moral, practical, or in other circumstances.																																														
Throughout history, and especially prior to the 20th century, there have been those who have held that sexual abstinence confers numerous health benefits.																																														
The medical community has established that not all women are born with a hymen, and those who are, do not necessarily bleed from first intercourse.																																														
The survey found that most Scots only supported powers over defence, foreign affairs and monetary policy remaining with the UK Government.																																														
According to the Zhengtong daozang (1445), the five basic precepts are:  The first precept: No Killing; The second precept: No Stealing; The third precept: No Sexual Misconduct; The fourth precept: No False Speech; The fifth precept: No Taking of Intoxicants.																																														
Artificial hymen Born-again virgin – Person who commits to abstinence after having had sexual intercourse Genital modification and mutilation – Permanent or temporary changes to human sex organs Kyōko Aizome Vaginoplasty – Surgical procedure   =																																														
Some studies of the efficacy of virginity pledges have found they may be effective in delaying vaginal intercourse but ineffective in reducing the rate of sexually transmitted infection.																																														
In Season 3 Episode 16 of The Last Man on Earth, Todd reclaimed his virginity prior to his wedding by abstaining from intercourse with his fiance, Melissa, until their wedding.																																														
In addition, they promote sexual purity, which encompasses not only abstaining from intercourse before marriage, but also abstaining from "sexual thoughts, sexual touching, pornography, and actions that are known to lead to sexual arousal".																																														
In addition, the current Constitution of Finland, adopted in 2000, —specifically Chapter 2, Section 7— prohibits capital punishment: Jokaisella on oikeus elämään sekä henkilökohtaiseen vapauteen, koskemattomuuteen ja turvallisuuteen.																																														
App 4th 663, a California Appeals court held that the charge of evading a police officer causing death was not an acceptable felony under the felony murder rule, as the offense was a felony specifically because it caused the death of a pedestrian.																																														
1905 – June 12, 1941) was a member of a gang of hitmen, operating out of Brooklyn, New York in the 1930s, known as Murder, Inc. Born Meyer Goldstein, Goldstein grew up in East New York, Brooklyn, New York, and initially led the crime syndicate Murder, Inc. together with Abe "Kid Twist" Reles.																																														
CEDP gained prominence in attempting to save Stan "Tookie" Williams, who was executed in California on December 13, 2005, after being denied clemency by governor Arnold Schwarzenegger.																																														
Belanglo  is a locality around the Belanglo State Forest in the Southern Highlands of New South Wales, Australia, in Wingecarribee Shire.																																														
Subsequent jurisprudence has resulted in the extension of Batson to civil cases (Edmonson v. Leesville Concrete Company) and cases where jurors are excluded on the basis of sex (J.E.B. v. Alabama ex rel.																																														
Franklin and David Thomas (both died 13 February 1995) were convicted murderers who were executed by Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (SVG).																																														
Todd Kohlhepp – Serial killer, mass murderer, and rapist who pled guilty to 7 murders, 2 kidnappings, and 1 sexual assault in 2017.																																														
The last executions in Kansas were at the Kansas State Penitentiary, when spree killers James Latham and George York were executed for murder in 1965.																																														
Justice Rehnquist, in dissent, stated a belief that in common-law tradition, it was actually the executive branch who was sole  arbiter of decisions involving the sanity of prisoners sentenced to death.																																														
The charges were mistreatment of inmates of Allied nationality and participation in the selection of inmates for the gas chamber.																																														
Twins are more prone to perinatal injuries and are statistically more likely to have a premature birth compared to singletons.																																														
Siemen's research into twin studies was well before the structure of DNA was discovered, and as a result, his work was highly useful in compiling a detailed compilation of dermatological phenotypes for both monozygotic and dizygotic twins.																																														
Ovulation is normally suspended during pregnancy to prevent further ova becoming fertilized and to help increase the chances of a full-term pregnancy.																																														
José Ricardo Díaz Pardeiro, (19 November 1944 – 7 March 2022) born in Ferreira do Valadouro, Lugo, Spain, was a Galician writer and historian, writing about the city of A Coruña, in Galicia, Spain.																																														
Pletch, along with his identical twin brother Dan, was in the Canada squad for the 2007 World Cup.																																														
Chromosome 15q partial deletion is a rare human genetic disorder, caused by a chromosomal aberration in which the long ("q") arm of one copy of chromosome 15 is deleted, or partially deleted.																																														
Pericline twinning is a type of crystal twinning which show fine parallel twin laminae typically found in the alkali feldspars microcline.																																														
Later on during the 1930s Harriet Creighton and Barbara McClintock were studying meiosis in corn cells and examining gene loci on corn chromosomes.																																														
environment to variation in a particular trait (that is, the heritability of the trait) based on the difference between twin correlations.																																														
Omphalopagus twins John Nelson and James Edward Freeman (Johnny and Jimmy) were born in Youngstown, Ohio, on April 27, 1956.																																														
Alleles that are identical by type fall into two groups; those that are identical by descent (IBD) because they arose from the same allele in an earlier generation; and those that are non-identical by descent (NIBD) because they arose from separate mutations.																																														
After the chiasma, axons form the visual tracts turning around the peduncles and arriving into the polar anterior part of the geniculate nucleus.																																														
In neuroanatomy, a nucleus (plural form: nuclei) is a cluster of neurons in the central nervous system, located deep within the cerebral hemispheres and brainstem.																																														
The cephalic end of the neural groove exhibits several dilatations, which, when the tube is closed, assume the form of three vesicles; these constitute the three primary cerebral vesicles and correspond respectively to the future fore-brain  (prosencephalon), midbrain (mesencephalon), and hind-brain  (rhombencephalon).																																														
Ramón y Cajal improved a silver staining process known as Golgi's method, which had been developed by his rival, Camillo Golgi.																																														
The trapezoid body (the ventral acoustic stria) is part of the auditory pathway where some of the axons coming from the cochlear nucleus (specifically, the anterior cochlear nucleus) decussate (cross over) to the other side before traveling on to the superior olivary nucleus.																																														
Emx1 plays a role in specification of positional identity, the proliferation of neural stem cells, differentiation of layer-specific neuronal phenotypes and commitment to a neuronal or glial cell fate.																																														
For the Super NES enhancement chip see List of Super NES enhancement chips  DSP-4, or N-(2-chloroethyl)-N-ethyl-2-bromobenzylamine, is a neurotoxin selective for noradrenergic neurons, capable of crossing the blood–brain barrier.																																														
To minimize metabolic expense while maintaining rapid conduction, many neurons have insulating sheaths of myelin around their axons.																																														
The neurotransmitters of these three aforementioned nuclei, which project to the lateral hypothalamus, are serotonin, norepinephrine and histamine respectively.																																														
It stimulates release of nerve growth factors and enhances survival of neurons in the brain, and is under development as a potential treatment for neurodegenerative disorders such as Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease and stroke.																																														
Subthalamic nucleus cells can then send more activating signals to some parts of the globus pallidus internus and substantia nigra pars reticulata.																																														
Similarly, in healthy individuals the response of the diastolic pressure to 'dynamic' exercise (e.g. walking, running or jogging) of moderate intensity is to remain constant or to fall slightly (due to the improved blood flow), but in some individuals a rise of 10 mmHg or greater is found.																																														
However, local causes involving the hepatic artery that supplies oxygen to the liver, such as a blood clot in the hepatic artery, can also cause ischemic hepatitis.																																														
Risk factors for IPS can be old age, graft vs host disease, multi organ failure, and multiple organ failure.																																														
Tefibazumab (named Aurexis but not approved) is a humanized monoclonal antibody for the treatment of severe infections with Staphylococcus aureus.																																														
Vagotonia is the state of the autonomic nervous system in which the equilibrium between the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous system is biased towards the parasympathetic, the opposite phenomenon being sympatheticotonia.																																														
The EEG is also needed to differentiate between absence status epilepticus (which affects the entire brain), and CPSE, which only affects one region.																																														
It may result in death, and it is one of the most common causes of death for people with sickle cell anemia.																																														
Another type of thrombolysis disrupts the clot mechanically using either saline jets or, more recently, ultrasound waves.																																														
The most common side effects (>10% incidence) of carvedilol include: Dizziness Fatigue Low blood pressure Diarrhea Weakness Slowed heart rate Weight gain Erectile dysfunctionCarvedilol is not recommended for people with uncontrolled bronchospastic disease (e.g. current asthma symptoms) as it can block receptors that assist in opening the airways.																																														
Hyper IgM syndromes is a group of primary immune deficiency disorders characterized by defective CD40 signaling; via B cells affecting class switch recombination (CSR) and somatic hypermutation.																																														
In severe cases, a patient can experience multiple night time episodes of breathlessness, changes in skin coloration, and episodes of bloody sputum.																																														
As of September 2018, the following ranking shows the countries with most Trial des Nations wins, in male category:   =																																														
Although Dinosauria is a clade which includes the descendant taxon Aves (modern birds), this article covers only stratigraphic units containing Mesozoic forms.																																														
Up until 2010, the outdoor world trial championship has been won by 6 different pilots from the UK, 5 from Spain, 2 from Finland and France, and 1 from Belgium, Germany, United States, Japan and Sweden.																																														
Bahía Inglesa FormationAchurra, L.E.; J.P. Lacassie; J.P. Le Roux; C. Marquadt; M. Belmar; J. Ruiz Del Solar, and S.E. Ishman.																																														
One major determining factor is type of light, or particle being observed including devices referred to as "telescopes" that do not form an image or use optics.																																														
They occur in any region of interstellar gas that is dense and cold enough to remain neutral, but that has too low a column density to prevent the penetration of far-UV photons from distant, massive stars.																																														
2007 La Pedrera de Rúbies Formation, Spain, Barremian †Coptoclavella jurassica Ponomarenko 2014 Sharteg, Mongolia, Tithonian †Coptoclavella minor Ponomarenko 1980 Takshin Formation, Kalgan Formation Russia, Callovian, Daya Formation, Russia, Hauterivian Mogotuin Formation, Mongolia, Aptian Turga Formation, Russia, Aptian †Coptoclavella purbeckensis Ponomarenko et al.																																														
The study of photodissociation regions began from early observations of the star-forming regions Orion A and M17 which showed neutral areas bright in infrared radiation lying outside ionised HII regions.																																														
Additionally, the names of specific armies are listed, grouped together by the four compass facades of the arch: North (northern France, lower Rhine, Netherlands), East (Central Europe, Switzerland, Italy), South (Mediterranean Europe, Egypt, southern France) and West (Pyrenees, western France, notable units).																																														
Pterodon ("winged tooth") is an extinct genus of superficially wolf-like hyainailurids from subtribe Pterodontina within tribe Hyainailourini in subfamily Hyainailourinae, that lived in late Eocene Europe.																																														
Some features that distinguish adult Diopsoidea from other flies are: a well-sclerotised face, antennae usually deflexed to strongly elbowed (if not, then either the fore or hind femur is entirely swollen), ocelli positioned near the vertex of the head, no katepisternal setae, wing veins R2+3 and R4+5 subparallel or slightly convergent apically, and the wing anal cell being comparable in size to the subcostal cell.																																														
Most taxonomists recognize four species: Ninox forbesi (PL Sclater, 1883) - Tanimbar boobook - Tanimbar Islands Ninox hypogramma (GR Gray, 1861) - Halmahera boobook - northern Maluku Islands of Halmahera, Ternate, and Bacan Ninox squamipila (Bonaparte, 1850) - Seram boobook- Seram Island in the southern Maluku Islands Ninox hantu (Wallace, 1863) - Buru boobook - Buru Island in the southern Maluku Islands   =																																														
Adams, 1868) Trochochlamys borealis (Pilsbry, 1901) Trochochlamys crenulata (Gude, 1900) Trochochlamys fraterna (Pilsbry, 1900) Trochochlamys humiliconus (Pilsbry & Hirase, 1904) Trochochlamys kiiensis (Azuma, 1960) Trochochlamys labilis (Gould, 1859) Trochochlamys lioconus (Pilsbry & Hirase, 1905) Trochochlamys lioderma (Pilsbry, 1901) Trochochlamys longa (Pilsbry & Hirase, 1905) Trochochlamys longissima (Pilsbry & Hirase, 1909) Trochochlamys monticola Kuroda & Abe, 1980 Trochochlamys nesiotica (Pilsbry & Hirase, 1903) Trochochlamys ogasawarana  (Pilsbry, 1902) Trochochlamys okiensis (Pilsbry & Hirase, 1908) Trochochlamys okinoshimana (Pilsbry & Hirase, 1904) Trochochlamys settuensis Y. Azuma & M. Azuma, 1994 Trochochlamys sororcula (Pilsbry & Y. Hirase, 1904) Trochochlamys subcrenulata (Pilsbry, 1901) Trochochlamys tanzawaensis Sorita & Kawana, 1983 Trochochlamys xenica (Pilsbry & Hirase, 1903)Species brought into synonymy Trochochlamys praealta (Pilsbry, 1902): synonym of Coneuplecta praealta (Pilsbry, 1902) (unaccepted combination)   =																																														
They are among the earliest known marginocephalian dinosaurs, with remains dating to about 160 million years ago, during the Late Jurassic period.																																														
Zalambdalestes (meaning much-like-lambda robber) was a eutherian mammal, most likely not a placental due to the presence of an epipubic bone, living during the Upper Cretaceous in Mongolia.																																														
Fossil evidence suggests that this genus appeared in North America and later spread to Eurasia during the Pliocene.																																														
For many species of plants, including Bombax costatum, Hombori is the northernmost point of their distribution, demonstrating its importance as a haven for many southern species.																																														
Frankites is an extinct genus of cephalopods from the Triassic period  included in the Trachyceratidae, a family of mostly evolute ammonites, coiled so as all whorls are showing, and commonly ornamented with flexious, tuberculate ribs.																																														
Acompsoceras appears in the fossil record during the early portion of the Cretaceous Cenomanian stage and goes extinct around the middle of that same stage.																																														
Phylogenetic relationships of the groups, after Klompen, 2010:  The phytoseiid mites, which account for about 15% of all described Mesostigmata are used with great success for biological control.																																														
They are featured in the media; often the image of the corset shown is of a "woman clutching a bedpost while their maid pulls and pulls at the corset strings".																																														
While they have been praised as a device for improving posture, many health care professionals advise against the use of constrictive garments for extended periods.																																														
The redresseur corset or preparatory corset was a form of training corset used from the mid-19th century into the early 20th century, designed specifically for young adolescent girls who had not worn stays from an early stage.																																														
SAD measure of men in their 40s, greater than 25 cm, also predicts significantly higher risk of Alzheimer's disease 30 years later.																																														
Training corsets are always made from strong fabric (or leather) and with relatively inflexible boning (not all corsets are strong enough to mold a body).																																														
These women have ribcage circumferences differing by 2 inches, but when breast tissue is included the measurements are the same at 38 inches.																																														
Strictly, the waist circumference is measured at a level midway between the lowest palpable rib and the iliac crest, respectively typically 60% and 64% of total height.																																														
It was primarily in the 19th century when corsets were used to noticeably reduce a woman's waist in order to achieve a fashionable hourglass figure.																																														
Female body shape Physical attractiveness Waist-hip ratio Waist-hip ratio as an indicator of cardio-vascular and other health risks Waist-to-height ratio   =																																														
SAD may be measured at any point from the narrowest point between the last rib and the iliac crests to the midpoint of the iliac crests.																																														
This pine can grow to a height of 25 m with a trunk diameter of up to 1 m. The needles grow in bundles of five and the cones are 5–8 cm in length.																																														
They contain 75% of the minerals, amino acids, proteins, phytohormones and biological catalysts (enzymes) found in the tree.																																														
Due to the length of growing time, the Pinus taeda, also called the loblolly pine, replaced it for commercial replanting, with a maturity of only 38 to 45 years.																																														
It  differs in nature from spring growth which is fixed when leaves and shoots are laid down in the bud the previous year.																																														
In quartersawn material, where the wood is cut into boards with the growth rings roughly perpendicular to the face of the board, the medullary rays often produce beautiful figure such as silver grain, medullary spots, pith flecks, etc.																																														
The natural range of Pinus dabeshanensis  is very restricted although it has been used locally in planting programs; the species occurs in the Dabie Mountains in Anhui and Hubei provinces at elevations between 900 and 1400 m.   =																																														
While the population was in the thousands as recently as the 1970s, there are now thought to be less than 600 trees in existence.																																														
fusiformis) Texas live oak – south central North America Quercus geminata – sand live oak – southeastern North America Quercus greggii – Gregg oak – Mexico Quercus hinckleyi – Hinckley oak – Texas Quercus ilex – Holm oak – southern Europe Quercus minima – dwarf live oak – southeastern North America Quercus oblongifolia – Mexican blue oak – southwestern North America Quercus polymorpha – Mexican white oak or Monterrey oak – Mexico Quercus pungens – sandpaper oak – south central North America Quercus rotundifolia − holm oak − southwestern Europe and northwestern Africa Quercus turbinella – shrub live oak – southwestern North America Quercus virginiana – southern live oak – southeastern North America Section Cerris.																																														
With these products performing at equal to or even better than conventional hardwoods, coconut timber represents a viable substitute for endangered hardwoods from an ecologically-sound source.																																														
Present in the wood's ground flora are the nationally scarce spiked star-of-Bethlehem (Ornithogalum pyrenaicum), and other species include herb-paris (Paris quadrifolia), broad-leaved helleborine (Epipactis helleborine), woodruff (Galium odoratum), wood anemone (Anemone nemorosa), sanicle (Sanicula europaea) and moschatel (Adoxa moschatellina).																																														
In either case, with the aid of a suitable linkage the change in gas volume can perform useful mechanical work.																																														
The motion of the tufts during flight can be observed and recorded, to locate flow features such as boundary layer separation and reattachment.																																														
So, a transmission coefficient equal to one means that the fundamental no-recrossing assumption of transition state theory holds perfectly.																																														
Combining the laws of Charles, Boyle and Gay-Lussac gives the combined gas law, which takes the same functional form as the ideal gas law says that the number of moles is unspecified, and the ratio of                         P         V                 {\displaystyle PV}    to                         T                 {\displaystyle T}    is simply taken as a constant:                                                                P               V                          T                             =																																														
In fluid dynamics,  the mixing length model is a method attempting to describe momentum transfer by turbulence Reynolds stresses within a Newtonian fluid boundary layer by means of an eddy viscosity.																																														
Pacheco & Whitney (2006) suggested the correct scientific name was Selenidera piperivora, but then Walters (2007) noted that this name was pre-occupied.																																														
There are about 100 species, the majority of which occur in Malesia, New Guinea, western Asia and the Pacific Islands.																																														
Both the genus and species were first described by Gilbert M. Goldfinch in 1929 The wings are white mottled with grey and brown, with grey-brown lines on the veins (distinct on the forewings and fainter or incomplete on the hindwings).																																														
This species was formerly placed in the genus Garrulax but following the publication of a comprehensive molecular phylogenetic study in 2018, it was moved to the resurrected genus Pterorhinus.																																														
Birds in central Panama with buff necks have been considered to be hybrids between the two species, but the occurrence of similar birds beyond the range of migratory green herons means that there is still doubt about the species' limits of the Butorides herons.																																														
see Hygroryza Leersia Leptaspis Scrotochloa   Pharus aristatus - Hygroryza aristata Pharus banksii - Leptaspis banksii Pharus ciliatus - Leersia hexandra Pharus natans - Hygroryza aristata Pharus urceolatus - Scrotochloa urceolata   =																																														
Another species included in this genus is the longfin mullet (Moolgarda pedaraki), FishBase classifies this species within the genus Crenimugil rather than in Mooldgarda, which if correct makes Moolgardia a synonym of that genus.																																														
Adams & Reeve MS, Reeve, 1847) Acanthochitona shaskyi Ferreira, 1987 Acanthochitona shirleyi Ashby, 1922 Acanthochitona sibogae (Thiele, 1909) Acanthochitona subrubicunda Leloup, 1941 Acanthochitona sueurii (de Blainville, 1825) Acanthochitona terezae Guerra Júnior, 1983 Acanthochitona thackwayi Ashby, 1924 Acanthochitona thileniusi Lyons, 1988 Acanthochitona variegata (Nierstrasz, 1906) Acanthochitona venezuelana Lyons, 1988 Acanthochitona viridis (Pease, 1872) Acanthochitona woodwardi Kaas & Van Belle, 1988 Acanthochitona worsfoldi Lyons, 1988 Acanthochitona zebra Lyons, 1988 Acanthochitona zelandica (Quoy and Gaimard, 1835)   =																																														
The zigzag heron is a species of the entire Amazon Basin, east of the Andes cordillera, and the five bordering countries on the basin's western periphery, Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia.																																														
Chtenopteryx canariensis Salcedo-Vargas & Guerrero-Kommritz, 2000 Chtenopteryx chuni * Pfeffer, 1912 Chtenopteryx sepioloides Rancurel, 1970 Chtenopteryx sicula (Vérany, 1851), comb-finned squid or toothed-fin squidThe species listed above with an asterisk (*) is questionable and needs further study to determine if it is a valid species or a synonym.																																														
Species include: Trachelophorus abdominalis Trachelophorus ardea Trachelophorus ater Trachelophorus camelus Trachelophorus castaneus Trachelophorus dromas Trachelophorus elegans Trachelophorus fausti Trachelophorus foveicollis Trachelophorus giraffa Trachelophorus giraffoides Trachelophorus limbatus Trachelophorus madegassus Trachelophorus michaelis Trachelophorus numeralis Trachelophorus pygmaeus Trachelophorus rubrodorsatus Trachelophorus signatus Trachelophorus uniformis   =																																														
Ventifacts have also been discovered on Mars, where such sharp immobile rocks have caused significant damage to the wheels of the Curiosity rover.																																														
It was transformed into Borkou-Ennedi-Tibesti Region, one of the 18 regions into which the country has been divided since 2002.																																														
From the Bulunzir the same plain continues southwards at a level of 3,700 feet (1,100 m) to the foot of the Nan-shan Mountains.																																														
Thick accumulations of colluvium may preserve a rich record of long term paleoclimatic change based on the paleosols and the remains of plants and animals, invertebrate and vertebrates that they often contain.																																														
Daïras of Western Sahara are a subdivision of a wilaya; however, as Morocco is administrating much of  Western Sahara, these are operational only at the Sahrawi refugee camps in Tindouf.																																														
Tomdibuloq (sometimes written Tamdybulak, Uzbek: Tomdibuloq, Томдибулоқ) is an urban-type settlement and seat of Tomdi District in Navoiy Region in Uzbekistan.																																														
The Red Hills cover a section of southern Kansas in Clark, Comanche, and Barber counties along the Oklahoma border.																																														
The Rabyanah Sand Sea, Rabyanah, is a sand desert region in the southeastern sector of Libya with a surface of approximately 65,000 km2.																																														
They are made up of continuous, hummocky hills of sand that are held together by specially adapted sand dune vegetation.																																														
El Oued Province is bordered to the northeast by Tébessa Province, to the north by Khenchela Province, to the northwest by Biskra Province, to the south and southwest by Ouargla Province, to the southeast by Tunisia's Tataouine Governorate, and to the east by Tunisia's Tozeur and Kebili Governorates.																																														
Additional areas further south were included within this ecoregion, including the Aïr ou Azbine in northern Niger, Dhar Adrar in Mauritania, and Adrar des Iforas in Mali and Algeria, using the 500 m-elevation contour.																																														
1086/259630, JSTOR 1830691, S2CID 155053131 Nelson, P. (1974), "Advertising as Information", Journal of Political Economy, 82 (2): 729–754, CiteSeerX 10.																																														
In telecommunication, distortion-limited operation is the condition prevailing when distortion of a received signal, rather than its attenuated amplitude (or power), limits performance under stated operational conditions and limits.																																														
The Philadelphia Foot Patrol Experiment, a randomized control trial conducted by Temple University, has shown that foot patrols reduce crime.																																														
The total two-part collection appeared within a larger collection of Hume's writings titled Essays and Treatises on Several Subjects.																																														
Malthus wrote that all life forms, including humans, have a propensity to exponential population growth when resources are abundant but that actual growth is limited by available resources:  "Through the animal and vegetable kingdoms, nature has scattered the seeds of life abroad with the most profuse and liberal hand.																																														
Environmental and Resource Economics (ERE) is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering environmental economics published monthly in three volumes per year.																																														
refers to the basic fact of life that there exists only a finite amount of human and nonhuman resources which the best technical knowledge is capable of using to produce only limited maximum amounts of each economic good .																																														
In this Robbins both narrows the definition of economics, thereby demonstrating the usefulness of deduction, and opens up the subject-matter of economics.																																														
In 1990, The Loesch family purchased the station and was able to raise the station's power from 6 kW to 64 kW and relocated its tower to Columbia, North Carolina and its studios to Nags Head, North Carolina and went modern rock as WERX.																																														
Licensed to New Prague, Minnesota, United States, the station is currently owned by Ingstad Brothers Broadcasting, LLC and features programming from ABC Radio .																																														
The station is owned by Bicoastal Media Licenses Ii, LLC and features programming from ABC Radio, via the Hits & Favorites satellite radio service.																																														
In early 2013, KWYD-FM trimmed the hourly classic hip-hop/R&B block, removing the evening hours in favor of nightly live DJ mixes.																																														
On the night of October 24, 2014, WMXH-FM dropped its Adult Standards format and went silent until approximately 10:00 A.M. on December 18, 2014, when it returned on the air with a Classic Hits format branded as "Bright Radio 105-7; Sassy Soul; Fun Time Rock & Roll", playing hits from the 1960s through the 1990s.																																														
The station is owned by the  University of Wyoming, and is the flagship of Wyoming Public Radio (WPR), airing a format consisting of news, jazz, adult album alternative and classical music.																																														
It originally aired an adult standards/oldies music format from Citadel Media's Timeless satellite feed until June 14, 2009, when it switched to an all-talk format.																																														
Most high-power FM radio stations serving Christchurch broadcast from the Sugarloaf transmitter, located on the Port Hills due south of the central city.																																														
The station is currently owned by Bicoastal Media and the broadcast license is held by Bicoastal Media Licenses IV, LLC.																																														
Décibels radio (French: radio Décibels) was a French local radio station stream in the city of Besançon (Doubs, Franche-Comté).																																														
The frazione of Pozza di Fassa contains the frazioni (subdivisions, mainly villages and hamlets) Pera di Fassa and Monzon.																																														
Colazza is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) northeast of Turin and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Novara.																																														
Soglio is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) east of Turin and about 14 kilometres (9 mi) northwest of Asti.																																														
Igliano is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, about 70 kilometres (43 mi) southeast of Turin and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) east of Cuneo, with an area of 3.																																														
Apollo was run in conjunction with the Europa Recordings imprint, but both were closed down by Universal in 2007.																																														
Starting from the creation of the Superliga in the 2001–02 and last updated at the end of the 2016–17 season.																																														
It was not recorded on the banzuke until 1890 and was not officially recognised as sumo's highest rank until 1909.																																														
Gorla Maggiore borders the following municipalities: Carbonate, Fagnano Olona, Gorla Minore, Locate Varesino, Mozzate, Solbiate Olona.																																														
San Bartolomeo Val Cavargna (Comasco: San Bortòl [ˌsãːˈbortul] or [ˌsãːˈbɔrtul]) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) north of Milan and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Como.																																														
Rosignano Monferrato borders the following municipalities: Camagna Monferrato, Casale Monferrato, Cella Monte, Frassinello Monferrato, Ozzano Monferrato, San Giorgio Monferrato, and Terruggia.																																														
Paropsis aciculata Chapuis, 1877 Paropsis advena Blackburn, 1894 Paropsis aegrota Boisduval, 1835 Paropsis affinis Blackburn, 1894 Paropsis angusticollis Blackburn, 1894 Paropsis aspera Chapuis, 1877 Paropsis atomaria Olivier, 1807 Paropsis augusta Blackburn, 1901 Paropsis bella Blackburn, 1894 Paropsis binbinga Daccordi, 2003 Paropsis bivulnerata Lea, 1924 Paropsis blandina Blackburn, 1901 Paropsis bovilli Blackburn, 1894 Paropsis carnosa Baly, 1866 Paropsis cerea Blackburn, 1894 Paropsis charybdis Stål, 1860 Paropsis confusa Blackburn, 1890 Paropsis convexa Blackburn, 1894 Paropsis deboeri Selman, 1983 Paropsis delittlei Selman, 1983 Paropsis deserti Blackburn, 1896 Paropsis dilatata Erichson, 1842 Paropsis elytrura Blackburn, 1901 Paropsis formosa Chapuis, 1877 Paropsis geographica Baly, 1866 Paropsis glauca Blackburn, 1894 Paropsis hebes Weise, 1917 Paropsis hygea Blackburn, 1901 Paropsis inquinata Weise, 1917 Paropsis insularis Blackburn, 1890 Paropsis intermedia Blackburn, 1894 Paropsis irrorata Chapuis, 1877 Paropsis latissima Blackburn, 1894 Paropsis latona Blackburn, 1901 Paropsis longicornis Blackburn, 1894 Paropsis lownei Baly, 1866 Paropsis lutea (Marsham, 1808) Paropsis maculata (Marsham, 1808) Paropsis mandibularis Weise, 1923 Paropsis manto Blackburn, 1901 Paropsis marmorea Olivier, 1807 Paropsis minor (Marsham, 1808) Paropsis mintha Blackburn, 1901 Paropsis montana Blackburn, 1894 Paropsis morbillosa Boisduval, 1835 Paropsis mutabilis Blackburn, 1894 Paropsis mystica Blackburn, 1894 Paropsis obsoleta Olivier, 1807 Paropsis omphale Blackburn, 1901 Paropsis ornata (Marsham, 1808) Paropsis pantherina Fauvel, 1862 Paropsis paphia Stål, 1860 Paropsis parryi Baly, 1866 Paropsis pictipennis Boheman, 1859 Paropsis ponderosa Lea, 1924 Paropsis porosa Erichson, 1842 Paropsis propinqua Baly, 1866 Paropsis quadrimaculata (Marsham, 1808) Paropsis roseola Baly, 1866 Paropsis rubidipes Blackburn, 1901 Paropsis rufitarsis Chapuis, 1877 Paropsis rugulosa Boisduval, 1835 Paropsis sospita Blackburn, 1901 Paropsis tasmanica Baly, 1866 Paropsis thyone Blackburn, 1901 Paropsis ustulata Olivier, 1807 Paropsis variegata Blackburn, 1894 Paropsis variolosa (Marsham, 1808) Paropsis wilsoni Baly, 1866 Paropsis yilgarnensis Blackburn, 1892 Paropsis zietzi Blackburn, 1894   =																																														
A homology G-manifold  (without boundary) of dimension n over an abelian  group G of coefficients is a locally compact topological space X with finite G-cohomological dimension such that for any x∈X, the  homology groups                                    H                        p                             (         X         ,         X         −         x         ,         G         )                 {\displaystyle H_{p}(X,X-x,G)}   are trivial unless p=																																														
More generally, one can define homology manifolds with boundary, by allowing the local homology groups to vanish at some points, which are of course called the boundary of the homology manifold.																																														
Their small size, bright colours and patterns, and roughly hemispherical shape cause them to be mistaken for beetles in the family Coccinellidae (ladybirds).																																														
However, it should be distinguished from a torus, which has the same visual appearance: the torus is the two-dimensional space on the boundary of a toroid, while the solid torus includes also the compact interior space enclosed by the torus.																																														
You're Like Comin' Home is a song recorded by American country music group Lonestar and it was released in June 2005 as the lead single from their sixth studio album Coming Home.																																														
This release includes remixes by Joel Dickinson, Sean Mac, Christian Poow, SpekrFreks, Chubby Fingers and Swishcraft (AKA Matt Consola & LFB).																																														
The album spawned the popular club track "Like a Pimp" featuring Lil Flip, and the single "Cadillac on 22s".																																														
Verità supposte (translatable as "Presumed Truths", with a subtle pun about "Supposta" also meaning Suppository) is the second studio album by the Italian rapper Caparezza, released on June 13, 2003.																																														
The Dark End of the Street (instrumental) (Dan Penn, Chips Moman) – 3:25 "Rally 'Round the Flag" (George F. Root) – 3:34 "Comin' In on a Wing and a Prayer" (Jimmy McHugh, Harold Adamson) – 3:00 "President Kennedy" (Sleepy John Estes) – 4:39 "Good Morning Mr. Railroad Man" (Traditional) – 4:30   =																																														
It was released after the band was signed to Edmond Records, owned by The All-American Rejects, in partnership with Doghouse Records and Warner Bros.																																														
Tom Roland of New Country magazine wrote that "even when the members of the band get schmaltzy with the kiddie chorus[…]they stop short of going overboard".																																														
Fashionably Late is the debut album released by Honor Society and the first album to be released under Jonas Records through Hollywood Records.																																														
It was recorded on February 8, 1956 and features performances by Mobley, Donald Byrd, Ronnie Ball, Horace Silver, Doug Watkins, Wendell Marshall, John LaPorta and Kenny Clarke.																																														
Bland skurkar, helgon och vanligt folk (Among villains, saints and ordinary folk) is a live album recorded during a 1999 Swedish summer tour of the same name, and includes tracks by Stefan Sundström, Lars Winnerbäck, Johan Johansson, Karin Renberg, and Kjell Höglund.																																														
Kimi no Koto Igai wa Nani Mo Kangaerarenai (君の事以外は何も考えられない) - 4:08 my confidence song - 1:55 Ame Nochi Hare Remix Version (雨のち晴れ Remix Version) - 9:39 Fragile (フラジャイル, Furajairu) - 5:09 Mata Aeru Kana (また会えるかな) - 4:07 Love is Blindness - 3:29 Tabibito (旅人) - 3:23 Derumo (デルモ) - 5:28 Hitori Goto (独り言) - 3:32 Heavenly kiss - 6:08 Nishi e Higashi e EAST Remix (ニシエヒガシエ EAST Remix) - 5:52   =																																														
He was defeated by Progressive Conservative candidate Diane St-Jacques in the 1997 federal election and left Canadian politics after that.																																														
Elmira Abdrazakova, born in the above Kazakh district, was crowned Miss Russia 2013, representing her adopted country at the Miss World and Miss Universe pageants that took place the same year.																																														
Albert competed at the 2007 Pan Am Games and represented Jamaica in the 2008 Summer Olympic and 2012 Summer Olympic individual equestrian events.																																														
He represented Soulanges in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada from 1858 to 1861 and in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1867 to 1871 as a Conservative.																																														
Zalegoshchensky (Залегощенский) Urban-type settlements under the district's jurisdiction: Zalegoshch (Залегощь) with 10 selsovets under the district's jurisdiction.																																														
Zhirnovsky (Жирновский) Towns under the district's jurisdiction: Zhirnovsk (Жирновск) Urban-type settlements under the district's jurisdiction: Krasny Yar (Красный Яр) Linyovo (Линёво) Medveditsky (Медведицкий) with 11 selsovets under the district's jurisdiction.																																														
He was born at La Malbaie, Canada East in 1852, the son of Simon-Xavier Cimon, and studied at the Collège de Montmagny and Thom's Academy in Quebec.																																														
Prior to his election to the Senate, David Long served from 1988 through 1996 as a member of the Fort Wayne Common Council from the Fourth District.																																														
He represented Quebec-Centre in the 1st Canadian Parliament as a Conservative member and the identically named provincial riding in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1867 to 1871.																																														
He was born in Farnham, Quebec, the son of Roch Lorrain and Jeanne Marcil, and was educated at the Collège Roussin and the Université de Sherbrooke.																																														
John Webster (August 3, 1856 – December 1, 1928) was a merchant and political figure in Prince Edward County, Ontario, Canada.																																														
The olfactory receptor proteins are members of a large family of G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCR) arising from single coding-exon genes.																																														
OR6N2+protein,+human at the US National Library of Medicine Medical Subject Headings (MeSH)This article incorporates text from the United States National Library of Medicine, which is in the public domain.																																														
It has been indicated that FCRLs may be a unique marker for immune cells in the brain called microglia, compared to other CNS cells and peripheral immune cells.																																														
Olfactory receptors interact with odorant molecules in the nose, to initiate a neuronal response that triggers the perception of a smell.																																														
Olfactory receptors share a 7-transmembrane domain structure with many neurotransmitter and hormone receptors and are responsible for the recognition and G protein-mediated transduction of odorant signals.																																														
OR52B4+protein,+human at the US National Library of Medicine Medical Subject Headings (MeSH)This article incorporates text from the United States National Library of Medicine, which is in the public domain.																																														
The olfactory receptor proteins are members of a large family of G protein-coupled receptors (GPCR) arising from single coding-exon genes.																																														
OR56A4+protein,+human at the US National Library of Medicine Medical Subject Headings (MeSH)This article incorporates text from the United States National Library of Medicine, which is in the public domain.																																														
By the end of the American Civil War he had nine colonies of honeybees, and traveled with his young son across the Mississippi River to sell honey and beeswax in a neighboring town.																																														
Janša rejected the belief that the male bees are water carriers and assumed that the queen is fertilized mid-air.																																														
The ends are trihedral (i.e., composed of three planes) sections of rhombic dodecahedra, with the dihedral angles of all adjacent surfaces measuring 120°, the angle that minimizes surface area for a given volume.																																														
Periods when there is an abundant nectar source available and bees are quickly bringing back the nectar, are called a honey flow.																																														
A feeder is a vessel or contraption used by beekeepers to feed pollen or honey (or substitutes) to honey bees from a honey bee colony.																																														
Rockdale Community Church is a historic church on New York State Route 8 in the hamlet of Rockdale, Chenango County, New York.																																														
In 1965, László Fejes Tóth discovered that the trihedral pyramidal shape (which is composed of three rhombi) used by the honeybee is not the theoretically optimal three-dimensional geometry.																																														
The Carnahan House, in Boyce, Louisiana, was built around 1880 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.																																														
Robbing can be prevented by reducing the entrances of the hive so the attacked hive has a better chance of defending itself.																																														
It has four gables off a central hipped roof, deep boxed overhanging eaves, and exposed rafter ends in the Queen Anne style.																																														
The Department of Defense Architecture Framework (DoDAF) suggests the use of the Operational Activity Model (OV-5) in conducting a CGA.																																														
For example, the design specification could include required dimensions, environmental factors, ergonomic factors, aesthetic factors, maintenance that will be needed, etc.																																														
BSI was instrumental in the formation of ISO, the International Organization for Standardization, in 1947 and of its European equivalent, CEN, in 1961.																																														
No general agreement has been reached about the characteristics of F.I. or TQM but to some extent we can observe similar traits in implementations of these processes.																																														
Juvenile Products Manufacturers Association (JPMA) European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA) International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Associations (IFPMA) Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) Portuguese Pharmaceutical Industry Association   =																																														
ISO 28000:2022, Security and resilience – Security management systems – Requirements, is a management system standard published by International Organization for Standardization that specifies requirements of a security management system particularly dealing with security assurance in the supply chain.																																														
E. J. Lodree: A Simulation Optimization Approach for the Two-Product Newsvendor Problem P. Mileff, K. Nehez: An Extended Newsvendor Model for Customized Mass Production, AOM  – Advanced modeling and Optimization.																																														
Increasingly, large technology companies are hiring and training young graduates directly through programs like the Google Associate Product Manager program or the Facebook Rotational Product Manager program.																																														
Vertex is a call centre operator that also offers a variety of other business process outsourcing (BPO) and customer management outsourcing services.																																														
Management reviews are carried out by, or on behalf of, the management personnel having direct responsibility for the system.																																														
Such operations take place on all levels within a business, but the focus of this technical specification lies on the interface between enterprise- and control systems.																																														
The income of any person in one year may depend on the income in the previous year and on a chance of progress.																																														
Note: Data is from the 2010 United States Census Data and the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates.																																														
This article lists the countries of the Arab League sorted by their gross domestic product (GDP) at nominal values.																																														
It has been suggested that although the NEP was initially successful in achieving its goal of reducing the economic gap between different communities in the country, its politicisation in the 1990s and 2000s (decade) hampered its implementation; during this period, intraethnic economic inequity amongst the Malays reportedly increased.																																														
The OECD Better Life Index, which measures quality of life according to 11 factors, ranks the United States as 7th among 34 OECD countries.																																														
In the United States, political parties perennially disagree over which economic policies are more likely to increase family income.																																														
While the poverty line reflects the general circumstances of a household (specifically, number of people and location), it does not capture the household's individual circumstances, such as health problems.																																														
The median income per member of household is a measure used by statisticians and the US Census Bureau to determine the median income that exists in a household for each of its members.																																														
While press interest and general awareness in the global population surges at the increments of whole billions of people, the world population increases by 100 million approximately every 14 months.																																														
According to Geronimus and Thompson the premise of the MTO program does not address root causes of poverty, does not reduce toxic stress, and especially "falls short of addressing the racism that led to Black urban ghettos".																																														
Applying the Theil index to allocation processes in the real world does not imply that these processes are stochastic: the Theil yields the distance between an ordered resource distribution in an observed system to the final stage of stochastic resource distribution in a closed system.																																														
